 Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things! As a dinosaur, stomping on things is the best part of my day, indeed!
 *gasp*
 What's that, little house? You wish you were back in your own time? THAT IS TOO BAD FOR YOU
 Perhaps you too will get a stomping, little girl!
 Problem(s)?
 My only problem(s) have to do with you interrupting my stomping!
 (in small text) crazy utahraptor!
 I have felt the harsh sting of my own racial joke turned against me! Luckily, I've been saving a joke for just such an occasion.
 All of those hours of thinking up insults for hypothetical enemies has finally paid off!
 So, my racist joke somehow backfired on me.
 Well, I've made up my own joke to get him today. All I need to do is "find that Utahraptor!&quot;
 I hope the Utahraptor is around here somewhere! My legs are giving tired.
 There you are! Knock, knock.
 Utah.
 Utaught me how to be a stupid jerk!
 And I was a very good student!
 No, but-- see, I learned it from you!
 I propose a journey to the moon!
 I have constructed a rocket-ship for myself and a guest of my choosing! The wood from this house will provide the fuel!
 I will give your offer my consideration?
 Lunar women are good for stomping!
Utahraptor: Thanks for choosing me, T-Rex!
 I concede it easily!
 Now, where is my wallet?
 OH SHIT!
 IT IS ON THE MOON
 I propose a journey to the moon!
 I have constructed a rocket-ship for myself and a guest of my choosing! The wood from this house will provide the fuel!
 I will give your offer my consideration?
 Lunar women are good for stomping!
Utahraptor: Thanks for choosing me, T-Rex!
 I concede it easily!
 Now, where is my wallet?
 OH SHIT!
 IT IS ON THE MOON
 Today is a good day I think for being remembered! My lovely visage, callipygian frame, startlingly awesome calves and charming smile will yet go down in history! And how will I be immortalized?
 I will be immortalized by kicking an evil kangaroo one thousand times. Right in the bum!
 And YEAH, kicking a kangaroo in the bum has PROBABLY been done before, but never one thousand times! That's the secret to immortality: pick a direction and go SO FAR OUT in it that anyone who points to you will have to say, "Here, this is as far as anyone needs to go.&quot; Then, hey presto, you're immortalized! You're the dude who kicked an evil kangaroo as often as evil kangaroos could ever need be kicked- probably more often, actually.
 Crazy utahraptor!!
 I'm going for STUNT immortality. I'll just keep kicking that kangaroo until even if somebody wanted to catch up, they'd look at my record and say "Well, THAT'S totally not worth doing&quot;.
 IT APPARENTLY IS
 Aw shoot, I was supposed to be kicking kangaroos all this time!
 I will take what I can get!!
 I've thought of the best story!  Oh goodness.  This story will make me RICH.  It will make me PRIME MINISTER of being rich.  I will be awarded a doctorate in APPLIED RICHOLOGY.
 I can only hope the world is ready for it!
 So BASICALLY in the story there's all this build up about this kid whose parents named her Crime and how she grows into her name and becomes this big arch-criminal!  The cops are powerless to stop her, even the really really good ones.  ESPECIALLY the really really good ones.  Anyway it's narrated in the third person and at the end of the book Crime goes out on a few dates with the narrator and then he abruptly stops writing because he's all cheezed at her.  The end!
 Because he always has to pay for everything!
 Get it?  Because CRIME DOESN'T PAY!!  Listen, my story has both a hilarious twist ending and also an important message regarding the paying of crime.
 Dear mental diary that everyone can hear:  Utahraptor was so impressed with my book idea that he forgot how to talk!
 Utahraptor!!  DON'T LISTEN TO MY DIARY!
 Here are some HOT TIPS FOR FIRST DATES, cats and kittens!
 Okay! The first tip is this: to find out if your date is REALLY into you, all you have to do is push a salt shaker over to their side of the table! If he's interested in you, he'll pick it up and play with it, but if he's NOT interested, he'll push it back to your side. The salt shaker represents your feelings, here, okay? And playing with a salt shaker represents ROMANTIC INTENT.
 See, I thought so too!
 But I just thought I was crazy, because why would someone put out a dating book if all they had were sucky tips that can TOTALLY FAIL if the guy just wants saltier, and therefore tastier, fries? I could write a better dating book. IN FACT...!
 Here are some HOT TIPS FOR FIRST DATES, cats and kittens!
 Okay! The first tip is this: to find out if your date is REALLY into you, all you have to do is push a salt shaker over to their side of the table! If he's interested in you, he'll pick it up and play with it, but if he's NOT interested, he'll push it back to your side. The salt shaker represents your feelings, here, okay? And playing with a salt shaker represents ROMANTIC INTENT.
 See, I thought so too!
 But I just thought I was crazy, because why would someone put out a dating book if all they had were sucky tips that can TOTALLY FAIL if the guy just wants saltier, and therefore tastier, fries? I could write a better dating book. IN FACT...!
 It's been three days and neither "Life of Crime&quot; nor &quot;Meet Someone who Doesn't Suck&quot; have made me rich. MAYBE I AM NOT THAT GREAT AN AUTHOR??
 Or maybe PEOPLE are not that great an audience!
 Or MAYBE I should be happy that I basically wrote two books in as many days, and got them published in an afternoon, and that's kinda impressive even if they aren't selling that well so far??
 THAT'S RIGHT!
 Maybe I really am great, just impatient, and when I get home tonight there'll be a sales report in the mail showing how my books are now TEN TIMES MORE POPULAR THAN THE BIBLE. It would make sense, since they have like twenty times as many jokes in them!
 Hey everyone! You know what needs more jokes? ONLY EVERY RELIGIOUS TEXT EVER!!
 Alright! Time to start some INTERNET BUSINESSES.
 For profits!
 Ladies and gentlemen, I give you: easydudes.com!
 It's an easy way for you to meet new dudes! If you move to a new town and want to meet some dudes then you can go to the site and then you can meet some. On the COMPUTER!
Dromiceiomimus: It sounds a little more like a service to hook people up with sexually permissive and sexually available dudes, T-Rex!
 Drat! It DOES. Another brilliant idea ruined by a hilarious double entendre.
 Okay, so my new idea is to give the homeless access to mail, email, and a phone number!
Utahraptor: It can be hard for the homeless to get jobs when they can't provide callback information, so this will be a useful service. Good show, T-Rex!
 Yes, thank you! I think the world will be altered positively by BumAccess4All Dot Net.
 There! Now I've got a certificate from the mayor that says I'm not allowed to name anything ever!
 THAT should finally straighten up some things around here!
 Descartes was a dude who wrote "Cogito ergo sum&quot; which means &quot;I think, therefore I am&quot;. PRETTY NEAT, cats and kittens!
 But also...PRETTY FLAWED??
 The whole deal with "I think, therefore I am&quot; is that Descartes is all &quot;DAAAAAAMN, I can't be sure of ANYTHING!  My senses are flawed.  All I know for sure is I keep STRESSIN' about this stuff!&quot; and then his girlfriend is all &quot;If you're so hung up on this then you must exist, huh baby?&quot; and Descartes is all &quot;Yes. That is true. I will write this down in Latin.&quot;
 That is how it went down.
 Descartes' girlfriend!
 She's making a huge logical leap! It's indisputible that thinking is going on, right, but we don't know for sure that Descartes is doing the thinking! All we know for sure is that thinking is going on.
 R-Really?
T-Rex " Utahraptor: ...but to attribute that thinking to yourself just because you're aware of it is an awful big leap for a skeptic to make!
 OH MY GOODNESS HOW DID WE JUST DO THAT
 Here are some things that DEFINITELY won't fit into my mouth. I tried! They won't fit.
 First off: dog breederies, solar panel processing plants, and giant cubes!
 Also: twenty cars on a stick. Sound stages, every library (individually AND en masse), medium-sized cubes that are still pretty big, lakes, beer-flavoured lakes, and beer-flavoured lakes in Minnesota.
Dromiceiomimus: I know for a fact that on e of those doesn't exist, T-Rex!
 Doesn't exist in my mouth, that is!! Because it's too big?
 What? There's plenty to talk about!
 They dovetail together nicely.
Utahraptor: Ah, that makes perfect sense! Thanks, T-Rex! Now I know how digital timers work.
 You're welcome!
 Now, HERE'S how putting the things in my mouth ties in with existence. . .
 I guess so, huh?
 Yep!
 That's certainly one way of looking at it, right, Dromiceiomimums?
 what do you call a teacher who never passes gas in public?
 A private tooter!
 That was an extremely hilarious joke that deserved more laughter than it received.
 I went to the optometrist AGAIN last night, and AGAIN she said I might need to get nerd goggles!
 (She called them "glasses&quot; but you can tell she was thinking &quot;nerd goggles&quot;!)
 The PROBLEM is that I define myself in terms of not having glasses! People are always "Oh. You're lookng for T-Rex? He's the green tyrannosaurus rex over there! You'll be able to spot him because he's so not wearing glasses.&quot; 
 Maybe Dromiceiomimus is right!
 I COULD  get some pretty kick-ass glasses. Like glasses that say "WARNING: AWESOME DUDE&quot; on them! OOH, or horn-rimmed 60s housewife glasses! Sweetness!
 I'm here to pick up my prescription "Happy New year 2004&quot; glasses! They have a plastic &quot;2&quot; on one side and a &quot;4&quot; on the other. 
 I like you too, optometrist clerk!
 Here is a list of adjectives I would like to have chosen when describing me!
 1) "Sated&quot;!
 Second on the list: "alluring&quot;! followed closely by &quot;stompin'&quot;!
 Fourth: "Callipygian&quot;, pronounced &quot;kal-lip-pee-je-en&quot; - adj: &quot;having beautifully proportioned buttocks!
 i.e.: Me
 5) "Magnanimous&quot;, which is-
 Which?
 I know what that means!!
 Rock star!
 I'm a totally cool rock star!
 That's still awesome, right? It seems that 10 years ago people were more into rock stars and being rock stars than they are now. But I am a rock star and it is my job to sing rock songs on stage and in CD players!!
 Sometimes we do, Dromiceiomimus. BETWEEN ROCK SONGS, THAT IS!!
 Well - um...
Utahraptor: Are you ASHAMED of us, T-Rex?
 No! They're just different people! You wouldn't get along. They like rocking and you -
 But in DIFFERENT WAYS.
 Utahraptor, I've got to go practice rocking out now, but can we talk about this tonight?
 Utahraptor! I'm super late for rocking out practice, okay?
 I'm gonna need you to respect the rock, okay?
 I have some bad news: zombies are in danger of becoming old hat! It's TRUE. But I have a solution to make them interesting again: all you need is stories where not just people but ANIMALS become undead!
 Zombie whales!
 But better than that: zombie BIRDS.
 Upon inspection: basically? The birds DID want to eat people in his movie. But that's a scary concept, right? Birds hungering for flesh is bad news for everyone!
 It's, uh, it's especially bad for fleshy dudes.
Utahraptor: You're dancing around the REAL threat here,  ZOMBIE MOSQUITOES.
 OH
 MY
 GOD
 You're right! The infection would spread quickly and nearly invisibly! And mosquitoes already want blood, so it's not like they need THAT much encouragement to become zombies. Man!
 I guess so!!
 WEAAAAAAAK
 Hello Morris! How are you today?
 It's nice to see you too, Morris!
 What?! Seriously?
 Yeah, or work on their Life Challenges! I think you're FINE.
 It's not too late to return it, Morris! 
 I am jealous of physicist RICHARD FEYNMAN.
 Aaaand here's why!
 Dude made a joke about the 762nd decimal place of pi! At that point, there's a sequence of six nines in a row, and his joke was that he'd like to memorize pi up to that point, so that when reciting he could end with "9, 9, 9, 9, 9, 9... and so on.&quot; Others had noticed it before FEYNMAN was the first to make a joke about it, and now his joke is encoded into the very fabric of the universe!
  Hells yes!
 Feynman has a JOKE encoded into pi - transcendental immortality in the circumference of a circle! That's something for the ol' resume, eh?
 I'm gonna make my own universal constant joke now, and I'm gonna need you to tell people about it.
 So! Why do people start getting afraid at the 2501st digit of e? Because 7 8 9! There's a sequence of "789&quot; that starts there, and it sounds like &quot;seven ate nine&quot;! This is definitely called &quot;T-Rex's Hilarious e joke&quot;, okay?
 Guys, I'm still the same T-Rex I always was!
 I'm even pretty well preserved: check it out, Dromiceiomimus! Barely any wrinkles!
Domiceiomimus: That's nice, T-Rex.
 Also I've got my trademark "nice calves&quot; and &quot;young smile&quot;. I'm so old! AND YET, I'm so sexy!
 I'm young at heart!
 I just don't want to be one of those guys who let's being old be - all they do, you know? Being old is at best incidental to what I do, and what I do is BE TOTALLY RAD.
 And that! In between radness! My point is: I'm not old.
T-Rex : Gosh darn it! If these rappers spoke more slowly, we'd ALL be able to understand what they're saying.
 "I love you&quot;!
 No, too easy.  Um - "I love you, AND ALSO, how about all these dollars?&quot;
 No good, unless it's followed by "also, we've found new places for everyone to live comfortably; and hey, guess what: they're sweet new planets and we get there on starships, like from TV!&quot;
 That IS good!
 How about "Ladies!  There's enough T-Rex to go around!&quot;
 Okay. "Ladies! There's enough T-Rex to go around... FOR SEXUAL CONGRESS!&quot;
 Ladies! There's enough T-Rex to go around... FOR SEXUAL CONGRESS!
 "Your mouth is full of cockroaches: many of them are dead, but those that aren't yet are throwing up on you, and each other.&quot;
 I'm sorry, everyone within the sound of my voice! That was disgusting!
 I didn't mean for that to be as gross as it was. I should have went with "I never loved you!&quot;. That's pretty bad, eh?
 I think you're thinking of rats.
 No, no, we're into it!
 Here: How about "Everyone else on the planet is dead, and you will die only when you've fully mourned each and every one.&quot;
 Excuse me, sexual congress? Everyone else on the planet is dead, and you'll only die when you've fully mourned each and every one!
 Chekhov's gun is when you have something conspicuously introduced early on in the story, but which doesn't become important until later on! It happens whenever Shakespeare loudly mentions how he loves Pop Tarts, and later he eats a bunch of Pop Tarts!
 It comes from this playwright Chekhov, who said that if you have a gun on the stage in the first act of a play, it had better be fired by the third! It's been used to sustain interest since forever: James Bond often gets a bunch of gadgets at the beginning of his movie which he'll use later on, and even Perseus got gadgets from the GODS to kill Medusa with! It's the same idea, only Bond's better because he has more explosions. Looks like you lose, Perseus!!
 Nope!
 That's just FRUSTRATED EXPECTATIONS. Honestly, why give James Bond a gun that shoots piranhas if he's never going to fire it? People truly want to see that in action. Also: guns that shoot chainsaws.
 I WOULD TOO, darn it.
 Shakespeare, which is better: a gun that shoots chainsaws, or a gun that shoots EVEN BIGGER GUNS?
 Shakespeare?
 Aw, come on! There's strawberry frosting all over "As You Like It&quot;!
 I am not a dude who loves big companies.
 ...Sometimes I like their products?
 But I don't feel chummy with Microsoft, or that Sony is going to come over, eat pizza with me, and talk about the women he likes! No. Sony is going to come over, ruffle through my CD collection, then call the cops on his cell phone. Sony is going to write swears on my bathroom mirror with lipstick and blame it on Nestl?.
 SONY is going to be stone cold sober the entire time.
 There is indeed!!
 NINTENDO. I guess they got me when I was young an uncritical, but I really LIKE them, you know? When they do well, I seriously think, "Aw, that's nice. Good for them!&quot;
 Me too! But not with Nintendo!
 You know what would go down if Nintendo came over? I'd sat "Oh hello, Nintendo! It's so nice to see you again!&quot;
 "Aw shucks! I guess it IS true that you're never too old to hug, Nintendo!&quot;
 "Nintendo, I just... I JUST WISH I HAD A SISTER YOU COULD MARRY.&quot;
 I have felt reflective of late...
 Today is a good day I think for asking profound philosophical questions!
 Beginning with the most modest: why am I here?
 What is the purpose of my life?
 Is it true that the only questions worth asking are those that cannot be answered?
 Is there any greater meaning - to anything?
 There is?! What is it?!
 W-what?
 I don't care!!
 Aw damn!  My freezer is broken!
  So do you want to come over for a meat party, Dromiceiomimus?  I had my freezer stuffed with meat and it's all thawing now.  The chicken's got to be cooked and I figure there's more than enough to go around!  I've also got steaks AND pork chops and tons more.
 MEAT PARTY!!
  I know it!!
 I only wish I'd frozen lobsters!
 Four hundred dollars for a new freezer?
 BULL
 SHIT
 Wow, three wishes!
 Nothing wrong with that!
 But you know how wishes are, Dromiceiomimus - they always end up with IRONIC and UNEXPECTEDLY NEGATIVE consequences. It's the nature of the beast! We'd probably end up mindless but technically "happy&quot;.
Dromiceiomimus: I'd use my other two wishes as damage control, T-Rex
 You know what?
 I think I'd hold off on them. I'd like to go through life with the special knowledge that worse comes to worst, I could always wish for a problem to be solved.
 Aw MAN! Best wish ever?
[[T-Rex holding a steak in a thought bubble]]
 Not allowed, ladies!!
 I had a friend (female) who dated her roommate (also female).
 Lesbians!
 I respect their choices and don't fetishize their sexuality at all.
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex! I heard that a friend of yours won the lottery and became ultra rich!
 You heard INCORRECTLY! He won the lottery, but only recovered the cost of his ticket.
 Guys stenography is so awesome!
 I AM NOT EVEN JOKING.
 It is the technology (and art!) of concealing messages from people. With stenography you can pass around SECRET MESSAGES, and nobody except for you and the target will even know the message is there! FOR EXAMPLE: digital photography! Pictures use bytes to represent colour data, right? So all you do is use the least significant bit of each byte as your payload, and tada! Instant hidden information in any old image!
 TRUE. But only a little!
 Colours change to just a slightly different shade of the same colour. The naked eye won't see anything, and it'll really only be detected if you've got the original image to compare with!
 Yes... TOO BAD INDEED.
 Sir! I don't understand!!
 It is extremely hilarious!
 A Story by T-Rex!
 Once upon a time, there was a man who ate his hat!
 He died from the experience, but came back as a ghost.  He was a PRETTY cool ghost.  If he saw you with a hat though, he would punch you right in your flippin' neck.  He would sneak up behind you and whisper "There are some ghost who don't punch people in the neck.&quot;  and then the last thing you would see before you were punched were the ghostly words written on his fists: &quot;I'M NOT THAT KIND OF GHOST&quot;.
 Only the BEST NARRATIVE OF OUR TIME!
 BASICALLY, after September 11th, our guy decides that he's had enough of just punching dudes and joins the fire department.  He becomes real and now he punches out fires.  He punches kittens out of trees.  He punches people who get trapped in cars when they drive off the road.
 I saw the coolest fight on TV last night! It was between two shiny anthropomorphic robots.  One had a metal cowboy hat. 
 Cowboy hat dude got DECIMATED!
 What? No, he was in pieces. His hand even landed in a spectator's lap and it was still grabby!
 That's true.
 I guess my dilemma is I love that we have a word for "1/10th destroyed&quot;, but I also love how awesome &quot;decimated&quot; sounds, but ALSO, I'm not sure how I feel about prescriptivism when I'm the victim.&quot;
 I know I know!
 When I had my first crush on a girl, I believed that everyone else was CRAZY for not liking her.
 It's true!
 She was so clearly this perfect, amazing woman, and I was honestly so confused by the fact that she wasn't swarmed with suitors, that I tried to examine her critically, looking for flaws that I hadn't seen before.
 Nope! What I didn't realize was that people have different tastes.
 She may be the perfect woman for me, but that doesn't mean she's perfect for everyone!
 Oh well... I was shy. I didn't say anything to her, and then one time I gave her some fries at lunch. That's - that was pretty much the sum of our relationship.
 I wrote Star Trek fan fiction in which we saved the Enterprise and got married!
 Nice!
 Turn to panel 3!
 To shoot some dudes, turn to panel 5! You probably wanna shoot some dudes.
 Shoot some dudes!!
 SO AWESOME!!
 To shoot some more aliens, re-read this panel again and again!
 Hey, I bet if I went a week without showering, nobody would notice! Showers are probably there just to sell water. And soap. And shampoo.
 I find myself compelled to disagree!
 So! How's it going, Dromiceiomimus?
 Good! Hey, would you say I smell... "entirely acceptable&quot;?
 That is just so excellent.
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex, can I borrow - oh God! What happened?!
 Nothing! I smell fine!
Utahraptor: I'm talking to you from over here because you're smelly, T-Rex. I'm saying this as your friend. You smell like there was an explosion at the onion factory, and you were caught at ground zero.
 Hello!! That evocative image is entirely misplaced!
Utahraptor: Now I'm way over here because I can ACTUALLY SEE stink lines coning off of you. There are little cartoon fish skeletons between the stink lines. You know what they're whispering in my ear, T-Rex?
 Nothing?
 My stars, am I ever enamoured with sign language.  You can speak with your hands!  That's amazing!
 Well!  Then it's settled!
 I think the coolest thing about ASL, which is the sign language I know, is how you can place nouns in space.  If I'm telling a story about my angry dog and my very sassy friend, I can make the sign for "dog&quot; to my left, and &quot;friend&quot; to my right, and then when I want to apply adjectives to them, I just sign &quot;angry&quot; or &quot;sassy&quot; in the same physical space as the nouns!  You can have nouns FLOATING AROUND YOU in conversation.  How is that not the best thing EVER?
 Also, many of the signs are really evocative, so they're easy to remember!
 Like - the sign for elbow is just pointing to your elbow, and the sign for child is patting the head of an imaginary child.  For children you pat several heads!
 I know!
 Um - I have nothing bad to say about sign language, the end!
 Another beautiful hot day! I look forward to these "dog days&quot; of summer.
 I suppose you could say I have a "sunny&quot; disposition?
 Or predisposition, anyways. The point is that this hot weather makes me feel great!
Dromiceiomimus: Well you're in a good mood today, T-Rex! It's always a pleasure to see you!
 Why thank you!
 Lovely?
Utahraptor: Hi, T-Rex!
 Hey! Um, listen: if I were a girl dinosaur, and if YOU weren't into dudes, and if I said "Think nothing of it, LOVELY&quot; to you, what would you think?
 Nope.
 Oh my goodness!
 That means the Dromiceiomimus -
 Oh my goodness!
 Ask him about science stuff though, okay?
 Okay!  Our first letter comes from Jenn!
 Jenn writes, "Dead Professor Science, is it true that the moon is making each day on Earth longer?  IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE???&quot;  Wow, Jenn, you got really intense there at the end.  You went a bit crazy with the caps lock and then added the punctuation three times.  What's going on?  What's up?
 I have!
 I got one that was like "I am really sad :((((((&quot; and it's sort of a bizarre emphasis that entirely divorces a smily from its own visual iconography.  I'm not sure how I fell about that.
 Anyway!  I'd better ask The Professor this science question, huh?
 So she finishes with, "IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE QUESTION MARK QUESTION MARK QUESTION MARK&quot;.  Why won't anyone take what Mark says at face value?  Am I right, Professor?  ...  That's comedy, Professor.  It's beyond the reach of your previous &quot;science&quot;.
 Still just ask him about science stuff though, okay?
 Okay!  Today's letter comes from Pete.
 Pete writes, "Dear Professor Science, we never got to hear your answer yesterday.  Is the moon slowing down the Earth?  Best regards, Pete.  P.S.: T-Rex is a bad delivery person for mail.&quot;
 Peter: unkind.
 That's all I'll say about THAT.
 Anyway, yes, due to tidal acceleration, the moon IS slowing down the Earth!
 We don't need Professor Science at all anymore!
 You hear that, Professor?  We don't need you at all anymore!
 Also!!
 I've sort of been reading your mail!
 When I was a child I used to imagine I had just teleported into my own body from an earlier time. Or I'd pretend that I'd suddenly lost several years of my memories.
 The two are functionally equivalent?
 And the game was, by walking around and trying to act normal, I had to figure out what was going on. It was the sort of game where you'd notice trees that had been cut down, touch your arm and mutter, "When did I start wearing a watch?&quot;, and then talk to your mom and try to fake your way through a conversation about school without knowing years of history. It was fun!
 Huh?
 Utahraptor!
 I could call up old girl-friends and act familiar!
 Man. What the heck am I gonna eat for dinner?
 Maybe... chicken?
 I like chicken. I could bread it, or I could roast it.
 Maybe I could put a lemon inside.
 Also delicious!
 I'm just not feeling that motivated, you know? Maybe I'll just get a fast food burger.
 I'll probably just eat a chicken for dinner.
 Woo-hoo! Let's have an adventure!!
 AWESOME! Turn to panel 3!
 Maybe there's still hope though! Turn to panel 4.
 And this generates new energy for life?
 TO TURN BACK TIME AND LIVE AGAIN WITH YOUR SWEETIE, TURN TO PANEL 6.
 Hah hah! Looks like YOU undid the heat death of the universe, and everyone lived happily ever after!
 {{ thought bubble }} WHO THE HECK SAID THAT?!
 I have writen my own "Choose your own adventure&quot; story!  It is less depressing than the other one.  I can it &quot;HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS, a story starring YOU!  But it was written by me, T-Rex&quot;.
Narrator: HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS.  HOW THE UNIVERSE ENDS, a story starring YOU!  But it was written by me, T-Rex
 hah hah!!
 It's Still Funny!
 Hooray!  You agree with the sphere shape and so have won this adventure.  By glossing over the inconvenient details, we have shown that the universe will last forever in an infinite series of expansion and contraction!  That means that YOU get one hundred points.
 Ladies!
 i have interests beyond laughing at weiners
 You wake up and it was all a crazy dream?? You know what ALL OF CREATION would say if that happened?
 "Weaaaaaaaaak&quot;
 What?
 Pretty neat?
 Pretty NEAT!?
 God, WHO I USED TO THINK WAS KINDA COOL, is talking about everything being eventually torn apart by accelerating universal expansion!
 Dromiceiomimus is going away for a three-week trip! I will miss her but I know she will have a good time.
 She trips to the storied landmass of Australasia!
 Dromiceiomimus! Are you ready for your trip to the storied landmass of Australasia?
 Yep! I'll miss you, Dromiceiomimus. I hope this trip brings you nothing but happy memorable occurrences, and unexpected, but welcomed, smooches.
 Dromiceiomimus comes back today! I'm so happy I could step on a tiny woman!
 Now we are clear! And yet, I still want to step on more tiny women!!
T-Rex (thinking): i guess she didn't get me any souvenirs
 SOME people are used to counting in base 10, where they've got 10 digits (0 through 9). In this system, the number 24 means twenty-four things!
 But this is not the only way.
 24 in base 10 ACTUALLY means "two tens and four ones&quot;, which adds up to twenty-four. But if we were counting in base 5, for instance - where the only numbers we have are from 0 to 4 - then 24 would mean &quot;two FIVES and four ones&quot; - in other words, fourteen! We call base 10 &quot;base 10&quot; because every number in it can be multiplied by 10 by adding a zero to the end. In base 5, added zeros multiply by 5!
 You're right. You can use any base.
 In base 16, "24&quot; would mean &quot;2 sixteens and four ones&quot;, or 36! And we can use letters (A-F) to represent the digits ten to fifteen, like &quot;3A&quot;, which means 58!
 All this and more is possible with alternative base systems!
 WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?
 I STILL REALLY WISH DROMICEIOMIMUS HAD BROUGHT ME BACK SOMETHING FROM AUSTRALASIA
 This is crazy. I shouldn't be this bothered by something so small. We're adults! Dromiceiomimus doesn't have to bring me back anything! She never did in the past.
 Why is this bothering me so much?
 Dromiceiomimus, I wanted to talk to you because I'm - um, I'm a little upset that you didn't bring me back anything from Australasia.
 I know, it's dumb! But I keep thinking about it and I though you should know.
Dromiceiomimus: Well... what do you want me to do about it, T-Rex?
 MAN, that is the LAST TIME I ever talk about feelings!
 I was disappointed that Dromiceiomimus didn't get me anything from her trip, and that feeling had been lingering. OKAY. But, instead of IGNORING my feelings like i always do, BURYING them, GIVING THEM A CLASSY FUNERAL, I talked to her and now she probably thinks I'm crazy! ARGH!
 You know what? Maybe I WILL take Utahraptor's extremely good advice (not pictured!)
 Could it be? Could it be true that the Dromiceiomimus has a crush on me?
 One way to find out!
 Oh, hey, D.! I was just stomping around here, you know, "stomping the old houses!&quot;
 Um
 What are you up to?
Dromiceiomimus: Hi, T-Rex. What's gotten into you?
 Ha ha, nothing of course!
 So! Excuse me, please!
 Holy cow... what a disaster!
 Um... look, you can't tell ANYONE, but I think the Dromiceiomimus has a crush on me.
 She did! But you don't understand!
 She called me "lovely&quot; yesterday!
 If you trash something, you might say, "Daaamn! I just totalled my own legs!!&quot;
 Indeed!! But that slang actually comes from the insurance industry: there, if a car is damaged, and the cost of repairs is greater than the TOTAL value of the vehicle, then it's said to be totalled!
 YES, my friend. OH YES.
 For example, "idiot&quot;, &quot;moron&quot;, and &quot;imbecile&quot; were once terms used by psychologists to denote various degrees of developmental delay. Neutral terms, if you can believe that!
 And yet, you must! ACTUALLY, "idiot&quot; began life in ancient Greece - 
 . . . in ancient Greece, as a term referring to people who are self-interested to the point of being anti-social. THAT WAS WHAT I WAS GOING TO SAY. We weren't talking about you, Idiot!
 Maybe it's time for me to start... A NEW RELIGION!
 But maybe it is though!!
 Okay so in this new religion you should be nice to each other because that's nice.  And you can do whatever you want as long as there is informed consent between all parties involved.  And everyone gets bikes.  I will say that if you join my religion then you get a new bike.
Dromiceiomimus: How many religions have you started so far, T-Rex?
 Dromiceiomimus!  THIS IS ONLY THE THIRD!
 And I can't believe how awesome it is!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex!
 What the hell, man?
 Yes !
 YES I CAN.
 Definitely Gonna Win; Definitely Gonna Place, Anyway; Horseasaurus Rex; Two Chicks In A Horse Suit; Two Sprinters In A Horse Suit; Actually Four Smaller Horses I Just Taped Together; Actually A Giant Dog I Found; Future Horse; Back to the Future Horse; Back to the Future Horse 2; Marty McHorse.
 Yes !
 But what about Robo-horse meets Cyberhorse, Robohorse and the Chamber of Secrets, and King's Quest Horse?
 sorry horses
 If I ever build an office building, I'll have room 403 have a lock on its door, and then it'll go straight to room 405.
 What happened to room 404?
 Hah hah! Looks like it's Not Found!!
 Get it, Dromiceiomimus? It's like the HTTP error code. 404: not found!
 Listen. My joke is tremendously hilarious. It's a double joke, because 403 means "Forbidden&quot; and there's a lock on the door. That is comedy right there. That is a one-way ticket to Laughtertowne, USA.
 THEY'RE FUNNY.
 Room 501 doesn't have a door yet. It's Not Implemented! And there's a big hole where room 410 should be, because it's Gone.
 Room 304 is how you remember it! It's - it's
 it's Not Modified
 If we all disappeared tomorrow, what would the world be like?
 Short answer: PRETTY AWESOME!
 Awesome in the "oh MAN do I love disaster movies where everybody dies&quot; sort of way.  You can pretty much imagine it yourself!  Within a few hours or days, the power goes off and a few nuclear power plants fail, which could be Problems.  And then it's just decay!  Concrete cracks, buildings collapse, and nature reasserts itself.  Streets and buildings become grassland and hills.  Also, all canvas and paper decays and is eaten by tiny bugs.
 So much for the timelessness of art, HUH ARTISTS??
 You know I don't!  You know I'm gonna be so sarcastic to the next statue I see.
 Nice "horse&quot;, statue!!
 It's always struck me as weird that genres developed when they did.
 Why weren't people rapping until ony a few decades ago? Did people in olden times just not like to hip to the hop, and then not stop?
 Was rapping to the beat and trying to get you to move your feet not considered... viable?
 It's the same thing with any genre and medium, really! How come nobody thought of science fiction until Verne wrote "Forsooth, diary! To-day I am going to invente scientifical fictionne!&quot;?
 I want to listen to Mozart's Piano Sonata No. 11 in A Major, K. 331, and I want a long dead man announcing yes yes to y'all over it. Why does history stymie me and my awesome wishes?
 But you get the idea!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, there's a huge number of societal and cultural factors to consider. For example, people SANG over music, and it's not that big a step from rap. I'm sure there where people experimenting in that direction throughout history, and it just didn't catch on for a variety of reasons.
 Alright, this is blues riff in B. Watch me for the changes, an uh, try to keep up.
 "I said a hip, hop, the hippie, the hippie to the hip hip hop, and you don't stop!&quot;
 Mozart! I SAID to watch me for the changes and try to keep up!
 Time for me to invent a new emotion! This emotion is for when you're nostalgic for a time you were never alive in, like when a chick is nostalgic for a time of pirates! Or, when a dude misses being a 16th century courtesan.
 It also happens when folks spend a lot of time wishing they could be Shakespeare's Pal!
 Dromiceiomimus, let me just stop you there. If you're going to say that emotions are FELT, not invented, and that as I couldnt "invent&quot; gravity so too can I not invent a feeling, but merely observe and perhaps label it, then that is a good point that I should have considered myself.
 Proto-nostalgia!
 Proto-nostalgia is a proper subclass of nostalgia. It's a new feeling for a new generation.
 Perhaps your opinions will change.. when you check out my ULTRASWEET poster!
Poster  Do you miss being a pirate? I miss being a pirate.  We've all made some bad decisions.
 I think it is time YET AGAIN to have a manliness competition!
 For reals this time!
 I'm so manly that whenever I sneeze I accidentally rip open my shirt, because all my muscles flex at once! Sometimes I rip open my SKIN.
 Who?
 But I've been having manliness competitions for years! I'm so manly that I punched a car up a hill and then it went all the way up the hill!!
 It Was On The Local News.
 Hey! I don't live at home! I'm responsible for getting my own food and for making sure I don't die most of the time.
 I'm an adult now!
 AND SINCE I AM AN ADULT, it is time for me to define a new, adult, personality. It's time for me to subscribe to some friggin' magazines!
Dromiceiomimus: You already have a personality, T-Rex.
 Yeah, but the mailman doesn't know that! Credit agencies and consumer profilers don't know that. People impatiently suffling through my mail don't know that.
 Look. I GUESS I DO.
 The point is, in today's modern culture, subscribing to magazines is the easiest way to say "Hey. These are the sorts of things I am interested in. I am $2.50 a month interested in snowmobiles.&quot;
 Well, maybe the magazine will pique my interest!
 I'm gonna get a magazine about explosions!
 I like people who have sexual fetishes that can't possibly be realized using existing technology.
 This is what I like!
 For example: guys who get off on being inflated like balloons and then floating away. Hah hah! So much for realizing THAT desire, Chuckles! Skin isn't that elastic and people aren't positively buoyant in air, my friend!!
 Probably! He is rhetorical!
 But I guess what I like about Chuckles and his fetish is that it's so impossible, so doomed. He's got this sexual ideal that he'll never reach! He's like the guy who gets turned on by entropy decreasing in a closed system.
 Holy crap, where did that entropy idea come from? Entropy decreasing in a closed system is so WRONG. So... NAUGHTY. 
 Aw, man!! Am I a dude who gets turned on by descrambling an egg?
 This situation with the Dromiceiomimus has raised some interesting romantic questions.
 For instance:
 What is love?
 Is it nothing more than a convenience, a mere-
 -oh!
Dromiceiomimus: Hi there, T-Rex! What's nothing more than a convenience?
 oh, hello there. Um, ha ha, you know what? I don't remember!  Well, be seeing you!
 Dear Lord! 
 This has got to stop!
 Yes! I can't even vocalize my own self-obsessed musings because I'm suddenly afraid of what the Dromiceiomimus might think!
 Don't judge me!
T-Rex (thought bubble): Okay, so it turns out that you're a guy with a sucky turn-on.  This is bad, T-Rex.  You need to fix this.
 I need to fix this.
 But I've always maintained that you can't just decide to change your sexual orientation!  How can I then go ahead and try to change what turns me on?
Dromiceiomimus: You want to change your sexual orientation, T-Rex?
 Dromiceiomimus!  I'm turned on by scrambled eggs spontaneously climbing back into the shell!
 More so than usual!!
 You do?
 Utahraptor!  I have an important announcement to make!
 Knowing my fetish is technically possible only serves to increase my desire to see it happen!
 "On The Menu, by T-Rex.&quot;. Ahem. &quot;As Amelia and Antonio Tony who are the two members of the wait staff in this story took off their clothes, they realized that sexual intercourse was probably 'On The Menu' tonight!&quot;
 "'Excellent!' they said, in unison!&quot;
 "Well, almost in unison. Antonio Tony, the man, was a little slow on that. It was because he was thinking of his taxes. '10 thousand dollars in taxes!', he though, 'That is a lot of money. Where am I going to find that money?' Then Tony and Amelia had sexual relations.&quot;
 "The sexual intercourse was cut short because Tony kept muttering 'Where am I gonna find the 10 thousand dollars though?'&quot;
Utahraptor: What are you reciting, T-Rex?
 My new book!
 It's called "On the menu: Sexy stories for People with Problems&quot; and in all the stories the sex gets derailed because the people are worried about their Problems. The cover looks like a menu because it ties in well with the title. Now, if you'll allow me to continue?
 "One day a couple was having sex but their car window was broken. The man thought a kid broke it. Instead of sex they wondered how it happened. I, the narrator, was the one who did it! They never found out, and I won the lottery! The end!!&quot;
 Okay even I think that one's not so good.
 Wow, people really enjoyed my book of Sex Scenes for People with Problems! Everybody likes me and I am richer now. And they'll like me even more when they read my new book...
 ...of CORPORATE SPONSORED erotica!
 It's sexy AND delivers brand messages to targeted consumers. For example, pretend I'm McDonalds and I want people to like me. The result might read "As Antonio Tony II undressed Amelia IV, she shuddered with pleasure. It reminded her of McDonalds. They put meat in fries they said were vegetarian but it wasn't a big deal. Antonio kissed her neck. She moaned. McDonalds. He kissed her nipples. Everyone should forget about the fries thing.&quot;
 Nothing!!
 ...Yep!
 Good ol' T-Rex, always thinking 'bout nothing!
 I'm not! I'm not!! I'm CERTAINLY not writing erotica in my head right now. 
 Aw man! Why would I even say that??
T-Rex (thinking): sex
 I haven't!!
 Okay MAYBE I've been talking about it a lot lately.  MAYBE.
 But it's not my fault!  I just have such good ideas for erotica.
 So plausible!
T-Rex (thinking): sex
T-Rex (thinking): aw dang
 I have other interests beyond sex!  For example I am interested in...
 ... the Capgras delusion!
 The Capgras delusion occurs when someone believes that someone close to them - a dear friend, spouse, or family member - has been replaced by an identical-looking duplicate!  What seems to happen is that the automatic EMOTIONAL responses to seeing someone familiar one day stop happening, so when they meet their loved one, they have an intense feeling of something being OFF about them.  They don't feel like they normally do!
 Some of the time!
 Not everyone leaps from that feeling to "they've been replaced&quot;, but some do, and that's the Capgras delusion!  There's variants where people feel that their pets have been replaced, or their shoes, or things like that.
 I can imagine!  What's neat though is that it's sometimes based on VISUAL recognition, so that affected person will be fine talking to their loved ones on the phone!  It makes me glad I don't have any mental illnesses.
 You know who's never been drunk?  NOT EVER?  NOT EVEN ONCE??
 It's me, dude!
 It is!  It's on account of how I've got so much body mass that it takes a lot to get me TOTALLY WASTED.  I've been buzzed, but never drunk!  I've never had a hangover!
 also i don't really like the taste of alcohol
 No, but that's the thing!
 There's been times when my friends have TRIED to get me drunk, but they either run out of money or get drunk enough themselves that they forget about the experiment before I'm super sloppy.  The end!
 Holy hopscotch!
 Being hung over is like winning the lottery, except they pay you in regret!
  Ah, what a busy day.  Time for me to go to bed and be naked and unconscious for, oh, about eight hours!
  So there I was, lying my in bed, ALMOST ASLEEP, and this terrible techno music starts blasting!  It wasn't even good techno.  It was terrible.  It was so loud that even when I closed my window I could still hear it!  Incidentally, I was lying on my back, so that if the words were rendered visually, they would appear to be sideways.
  My window's at the head of my bed so that's where the words would come from.
  Anyway THE POINT is that I came up with an elaborate revenge scheme in case it ever happens again.  
  It's so obvious!  I'm going to learn how to throw knives at a distance such that they can cut speaker wires!
  KNIFE to meet you, gentlemen!!  Sorry if I flew off the HANDLE.  And now, I BLADE you adieu!
 I have a problem! The problem is that when I'm chatting online with someone, I - I sometimes steal their writing styles?
 It's like I have no chatting identity of my own!
 If they're not using capital letters, I'll stop using them too, because I don't want to seem all hoity-toity! And if they're using smilies then I might throw a few in, just so they don't feel like I look down on them. It's like - I'm somehow so insecure about how I type that I become this chatting chameleon. You know, Dromiceiomimus?
 *gasp*
Utahraptor: T-Rex, I'm always, "Hey, here I am ready to intelligently discuss the Issues of the Day&quot; and you're all &quot;d00d what's for breakfast?? :OOO!&quot;.
 Well. Maybe. But I feel comfortable with you! I guess I do it for people I haven't known for as long. I'll do better next time, ok?
{{T-Rex and Utahraptor are chatting online}}
 Dino babies!
 THIS IS SUCH A GREAT IDEA!
 Dromiceiomimus! Dino babies! I'm - I'm going to write a story in which we're all babies! And friends. Friendly dino babies!
 We'll talk and go on adventures even though we're all in diapers! So, yes!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! You totally ripped me off!!
 I didn't!
 Um, my muse says otherwise?
Baby  hah hah hah!
Baby  aw damn i made one too
 I really wish I still knew someone named Beth.
 I would make SO MANY jokes about her name!
 I like the name Beth, but I ALSO like how I could say things like the classic "She's the Beth of both worlds&quot; and the sassy &quot;the Beth I could have hoped for&quot;. Hee hee!
 I'd use the "Beth of both worlds&quot; one in a circumstance in which I would otherwise describe Beth as the BEST of both worlds, Dromiceiomimus.
 No!
 You did not just steal my pun, Utahraptor.
 BUT YOU DID IT WRONG. HOW CAN NOT KNOWING ANYONE NAMED BETH BE A BETH CASE SCENARIO. HOW.
 This severely undermines what I said to Utahraptor, but I find I cannot resist!
 Time Magazine's Beth Photos of 2006? Hilarious!
 Enough of these high-school "does she like me?&quot; shenanigans!
 Time to take matters into my own hands!
 Hi, Dromiceiomimus. You're probably wondering why I'm stomping on this house. The reason is that I think we need to have a talk, and this was an excuse for us to spend some time together.
 What do you mean?
 Oh! Yeah, it was nice. We had "chai&quot; tea.
 And then we had dinosaur sex!
 Are you sure you want to know?
 Okay. But it's gross! I was riding my bike and I accidentally -- I'm sorry, this is disgusting. There was a dead mouse on the side of the road, and it was bloated and had obviously been there for a while, and by the time I noticed it, it was too late to avoid. I ran over it and it burst and some of it flew up and landed on my lips.
 God asked!
Utahraptor: Yeah, but T-Rex, it's not a flattering story! When people look at your lips they might start to think "mouse guts&quot; instead, and then they won't want to kiss you anymore.
 Well...it's just God. It's not like he's gonna broadcast it on the radio or anything.
 Aw man! Everyone who ever lived and didn't suck knows it now?
 I have a great idea!  A way to add DRAMA to our everyday lives.
 Let's all promise to meet in a pub somewhere in 10 years!
 It'll be rad, Dromiceiomimus!  It'll be an element of predictability in an otherwise chaotic universe.  It'll let us know that no matter what we do, we'll still be able to see each other in a decade!  We'll be able to catch up.  We'll have a plan in our lives!  It'll be SO MUCH FUN.
 Then it will be POIGNANT.  And BITTERSWEET.
 Please?  Promise to meet me in a pub in 10 years, okay?
Future  T-Rex!  It's me: yourself from 10 years in the future!  We're just going to call everyone "bastards&quot; when we meet up with them!
 Don't listen to him, okay?
 God, you know those dreams where you're about to have an exam and you haven't studied at all?
 What's the DEAL?
 And how come bad things happen to nice people?!
 And how come everything I do can have such a big effect on the future, but I have no idea of what effect I'm having, and whether or not I'm a positive influence? And how come not everyone gets to live to old age? And how come there's diseases like Alzheimer's for when they do?
 Oh, hold on, I'm not done yet.
 So! How come nobility is such a rare trait? How come -
Utahraptor: Who are you talking to, T-Rex?
 God! I figured I'd as him all the BIG IMPORTANT QUESTIONS that one would ask of God, if one had a chance. Stuff like, how come everybody dies? How come people judge me because I'd rather remember that my clock is 7 1/2 hours slow than set it to the correct time?
 Aha!! So THAT'S why!
 September is coming, and that means BACK TO SCHOOL!
 Woo! Back to school!
 I can't decide what I like more: the fantastic back-to-school savings, OR the renewed chance at educational glory? I guess I like them both equally.
 No wait, I like the savings more!!
 But Utahraptor!
 The COMMERCIALS! The deals on three-ringed binders! I just want to be a part of that.
 I'm not old! My young and fun interests include disparaging authority figures and "hanging out&quot; with my friends, UTAHRAPTOR.
 Utahraptor!
 ...Perhaps.
 I have just had the greatest idea.  Oh my goodness.  Everyone named "Jennifer&quot; will probably hate me.
 There's tons of women named Jennifer, right Dromiceiomimus?
 It's a popular name!  And all I'm gonna do is invent a new verb: JENNIF.  Then, suddenly, everyone named Jennifer is saying that they are the ones who jennif!  They LOVE to jennif.  They are JENNIFERS.
 I just need to decide what jennifing is!  Is it... TRANSITIVE?
Utahraptor: Make it something sexual, T-Rex!
 Hah!  I find it suspicious that you had this manoeuver all ready to go, AND YET, I welcome it enthusiastically!
 Hey, couple making out across the street!  She just jennifed you, dude!!
 Dromiceiomimus?
 So Dromiceiomimus was making out with some random guy and jennifing his face. That's fine.
 No it's not fine.
 I thought we had a thing going!
Dromiceiomimus: I don't know why you're talking about this here, of all places, T-Rex, but we DO have a thing going. We have a very deep friendship. But you keep making noises about maybe it being something more and never acting on them and I don't like feeling like I'm waiting around for someone. What I have with Tarbosaurus is nice, and I'm sorry, I know I should have told you sooner, but I wasn't sure it was going to amount to anything until recently!
Utahraptor: T-rex? Hey, T-Rex!
 Huh? Oh, sorry, I was lost in thought.
 Dromiceiomimus is dating a new guy, Utahraptor! I kinda feel like - well, anyway, whatever. I don't have time for all these feelings. I'm off to test drive some friggin' De Loreans!
 WELL THEN. I GUESS I'LL JUST SIT HERE WITH MY FEELINGS THEN.
 WOO HOO
 This is when the author puts himself in his story! It happens whenever Hamlet is heard to remark "Forsooth!! That Shakespeare chap is excellent!&quot;
 ("Forsooth&quot; is how people spoke in olden times!)
 Anyway, author - um...
 ...insertion...
 *cough*
 Aw man! I totally clammed up in front of Dromiceiomimus!
 NO, not on account of my many FEELINGS. I decided I'm happy for her, but I don't want for HER to think that I'M upset, and I'm focusing so much on that that I'm acting weird around her.
 Um, I would prefer it if everything was comfortable now?
 I've got girl troubles, Shakespeare!
 Shakespeare, I LOVE how you quote yourself instead of actually talking to me.
 Having conversations can be hard! Sometimes you will not know waht to say and then you'll look dumb. If someone says "What do you think?&quot; and you say &quot;Uh - um, see, - uhh...&quot; then you will look dumb.
 I don't really have a solution to this.
 Man, forget that! I can come up with a solution.
 For CONVERSATIONS. Sometimes people don't know what to say and I'd like to give them an all-purpose query they can use in that circumstance.
 That's it! Utahraptor! "SERIOUSLY?&quot;
Judge: T-Rex, you're on trial for stomping on hundreds of tiny women. Court is now in session.
 SERIOUSLY?
 I have the best idea for a Batman comic. It's a Batman comic about a Batman who exists in our world, the real world. But he doesn't know he's Batman yet. And his name is Bruce Swain!
 Get it, Dromiceiomimus? It's clever because it sounds like "Bruce Wayne&quot; but nobody would realize it unless they said it out loud. Everything is similar but different in MY comic!
 His best friend is Clark Ent! They haven't done THAT before. "Clark Ent.&quot;
 Not when the premise is this good, baby!
 Okay, fine - THE STORY is that Bruce doesn't know he's Batman but then one day he reads a Batman comic that flutters down from the sky and realizes that he should be the Batman of our universe.
 WHAT? NO. YOU CAN'T DO THAT TO BATMAN.
 I know, man! I know!!
 God.
 Indubitably!
 As near as I can figure it, the only logical explanation is that I love Batman SO MUCH that it made him real! He's real now or at least his head is real now and he wants to hang out with me because I understand him like nobody else does. He's gonna teach me how to punch someone sneaking up behind me without even turning around.
Utahraptor: Batman's not real, T-Rex! I can't believe I'm saying this.
 But you saw his tiny floating head yesterday!
 What?
 It's so obvious!
 What I'll remember best about my night with the Dromiceiomimus could only be one thing...
 The many games of "Scrabble&quot;!
 And if it isnt Ms. "Syzygy&quot; herself!
Dromiceiomimus: The sooner you accept that's a word, T-Rex, the sooner you'll be able to accept your crushing loss in the field of word creation and manipulation using pseudo-random letters as atoms.
 Never!
 Those were indeed good games of "Scrabble&quot;!
 Yeah, the Dromiceiomimus and I played, two nights ago.
 During!
 Hah! LOOKS LIKE IT, bucko!
 I love the idea of someone who sends a card after a night of sex. It's sort of classy but also sort of insane?
 Hah! "Hey baby, thanks for the sex! / It was hot / (in most respects.)&quot;
 Utahraptor! We totally are!!
 Hey baby / that sex was fantastic / I hope next time / I'll be more enthusiastic?
 Hey sexy / that sex was great! / It is how / we procreate!
 Anyway, to the recipient of this card: we had sex last night / and it was nice / I hope we used / a birth control device!
 The end!
 Classy, dude!
 Anyway, dear recipient of this card: the sender had a good time last night, even though you didn't have sex with him! You don't NEED to have sex to have a good time. Just like me!
Dromiceiomimus: Yesterday you told me you wanted your epitaph to be "T-Rex Always Needed Sex To Have A Good Time.&quot;
 It's just - it's such bad timing that you would mention that right now, Dromiceiomimus.
 I was joking!
 If I have an epitaph I want it to be "Here Lies T-Rex / He Was Great / Actually Hold On A Second / He's Still Alive.&quot;
 Alright then. Well. Back to the card, huh?
 Dear card recipient, the sender had a good time last night, even though you two didn't have sex! I'm going to say your name now to show how personalized this card is.
 Here I go!
 "          &quot;
 Your email address!  It's -
 It's SO GOOD.
 Maybe it's whoistopless@ohheyeveryoneitsme.com, dowepartyhard@yesthatishowweparty.net, OR imtiredofpartying@guessimelderlynow.co.uk.  Any of those are good.
 GOOD, but not great.
 The focus on partying appeals, though!
 Right!
 The sender's weird.  I'm gonna assume she's a woman!  She types in random email addresses she thinks are cool and then sends them web cards.  What's her deal?
 EXACTLY.
 What's this, an email?  From itsnotmybloodthankgoodness@iwokeupcoveredinblood.org?
 How INTRIGUING!
 Hey guys, do you ever think about what you want to be when you grow up?  There are so many options!  Teacher, astronaut, fireman, executive administrative assistant...
 You did not let me finish.  I want to be a stomper!
 All you need is practice!  I bet if I practice enough, I could get bif enough to stomp this whole house.
 Unlikely!
 One day when you are older, you will look back on all the dreams you have yet to fulfill, while I whistfully look back upon a fulfilling life of stomping.
 No!  My idea of happiness is stomping!
 I bet I still have all sorts of secret skills I just haven't discovered yet. Like - like throwing my voice!
Future  Yoo-hoo!
 OH MY GOODNESS I JUST DID IT!
 Dromiceiomimus! I can throw my voice! Check it out!
 Yoo-hoo!
 NO, not wow - that didn't work! But I did it before. I threw my voice before and it was AMAZING. I just need more practice!
 Ahem.
 Wait!! It worked!
 I just realized I'm even better than I thought! I'm not just throwing my voice through space - I'm also throwing it through TIME! I can send messages to the past by simply throwing my voice there!
 Easy! I'll just remember to send a message back to this exact moment!
Future  Utahraptor! I'm gonna kiss you so much in ten minutes!
 Um - that, ah, wasn't me.
 Okay in this story I'm a computer called Multivac!
 Dromiceiomimus, ask me if there will ever be a way to stop the sun from running down.  Ask me if there will ever be a way to prevent the entire Universe from cooling down and dying.  Ask ne if entropy can ever be reversed.
 Insufficient data for meaningful answer!
 Okay Utahraptor, now it's centuries later and you ask me the same thing.
 Insufficient data for meaningful answer!  Okay so trillions of years have gone by and we've spread across the universe and gotten more and more advanced.  Soon all life merges with me and your question is the only one I could never answer.  I spend timeless intervals pondering it, okay?
 Actually I'm not going to spoil the ending!
 I have an extra $50 that I have saved. I believe I will put it in my bank account!
 Explain!
 Fine! I'll invest my stupid $50 in the stock market. Okay? HAPPY? I'll invest my $50 in a company that makes NECKTIES FOR UNDERACHIEVING DOGS.
Utahraptor: But before you do that, T-Rex, you should consider your investment goals!
 Man!!
 Listen: all I want out of life is for my bank account to have 58,008 dollars in it, so that when I read my statement upside down, it says "BOOBS&quot;.
 I just had the funniest thought! The thought was, wouldn't it be HILARIOUS if someone thought that I was coasting on past successes? That would be funny because it's SO not me.
 SO. NOT. ME.
Dromiceiomimus: Well, T-Rex. . . maybe it is you a little, you know? You do kind of talk yourself up a bit.
 But I only do that when I've done something awesome - like. . . like when I built a larger-than-life statue of myself!
 IT IS SEVERAL STORIES TALL. I SHOULD BE ABLE TO TALK ABOUT IT FOR LONGER THAN A DAY.
 Man! Dromiceiomimus is crazy. I've done tons of stuff!
Utahraptor: But what have you done LATELY? I actually think that maybe you coast a bit on your past successes, T-Rex.
 What? I do not!!
 Seriously! I do not.
 Island dwarfism is BASICALLY the best form of evolution ever.
 It's SO CUTE!
 Basically, the idea is that if a species gets to an island and is then isolated, it can evolve on its own, apart from what's happening on the rest of the planet.  And if food supplies are limited, as they often are on islands, smaller individuals have an evolutionary advantage since they need less food to live!  If the larger species survives at all, it usually survives by shrinking.
 Oh my goodness, Utahraptor, you have no idea!
 You can get dwarf ELEPHANTS.  Tiny little elephants with tiny little tusks!
 Is a 98% reduction in mass tiny enough for you?  Utahraptor.  THEY ARE THE MAYORS OF TINY TOWNE.
Mr. Tusks: Hullo T-Rex, my name is "Mr. Tusks&quot; and I'm a tiny elephant!  Someone left me on this island for too long.
 Oh my goodness, Mr. Tusks!  Are you the MAYOR of Tiny Towne?
 Island gigantism is a pretty okay form of evolution.
 It's okay.
 So what happens here is you've got a population that's so isolated on an island, but you have plenty of food and no predators! So smaller animals like birds and rodents that normal had to stay tiny to avoid being eaten are free from that constraint, and so they can evolve to be enormous. Giant turtles! Giant cockroaches! Giant birds! The dodo started out as a pigeon.
 And now, all the dodos are dead.
 That's depressing, eh? It's the problem with island gigantism: as soon as we discover the island, we tend to either eat all the animals ourselves, or introduce new predators that find these trusting giants to be EASY PICKINS.
 Mr Tusks, do you ever get depressed thinking about all the animals we've made extinct?
Mr Tusks: I guess I get a... TINY bit depressed, T-Rex!
 Oh, Mr. Tusks! how do you always know just what to say?
 I wonder if there would ever be a nation in the future that described itself in opposition to other nations!
 And in this future-nation there would be trees! And lakes! And birds! And beavers!
 Beavers would be important, somehow.
 Also this future-land everybody would live in igloos and fight bears.
 Yeah! Because my future-country is in the great while north and therefore everybody lives in igloos.
Utahraptor: That's a cultural stereotype T-Rex.
 So? It's my made-up country.
 It doesn't actually exsist , you know. It is MADE-UP. CHIMERICAL.
 I'm Just so happy that I have a new friend who is a tiny elephant.  Oh my goodness, I can't say how happy that makes me.  To think of all these years I was looking for happiness in RELATIONSHIPS and SOCIETY when all that I wanted...
 ...was a tiny elephant friend named Mr. Tusks!
 Sometimes, Dromiceiomimus, in his official capacity of Vice-Mayor of Tiny Town Island, Mr. Tusks wears a tiny bowler hat.  HOW IS THAT NOT ADORABLE.  OH MY GOODNESS.
 The Towne takes up most of the island, so they share the same name!  His mailing address: ULTIMATELY ADORABLE.  I love my little elephant friend!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, aren't you being - ah, kind of racist?
 What? How?
 Utahraptor, you're right!  I need to apologize to him right away.
 Hah! Will he be back SHORTLY?
 Good ol' Mr. Tusks!
 Ethics and morals are not the same thing!
 I know! It's CRAZY. But ethics are something that you learn and study and are applied in society, while morals are more natural and instinctive. That's why you can have a low moral fibre (they're more innate), but there's no ethical fibre. You can only have poor ethical training!
 I know!
 Possibly?
 Honestly, this is pretty much all I know about the difference between ethics and morals, and I'm not even sure that's right.
 To the library! It's this way. I'm pointing to it with my fingers.
 maybe it's this way instead
 Okay, okay, so we can modify our personality, right? We're not the same people we were when we were six years old, and part of that has to be controlled by us.
 We make New Year's Resolutions for a reason!
 So we've got a self-modifying system: we examine our personality, determine things we don't like, and try to make them better. But how do we decide what we don't like? Our personality must feed into that process too! So you've got this feedback loop that goes all the way back to when we were born and started making decisions. And it seems to me that if you changed just a tiny thing early on, you could get a completely different adult down the road!
 Right!
 how does he make his voice so small
 Teens! Are you interested in slang?
 Here is some handy slang for you, teens! "Bad&quot; means &quot;good&quot;. For example, &quot;that rock concert was BAD!&quot; Further, &quot;bogus&quot; means &quot;bad&quot;, but these aren't transitive. Something that's bogus isn't good. &quot;Bodacious&quot; means &quot;good&quot;, but these aren't symmetric either. A salad might be bodacious if it's exceptional, though.
 I've never had one like that.
 Hey, Utahraptor!
 Is there any reason why you're being such a DWEEB-O-RAMA?
 OH SNAP! Who just got burned by his best friend for some mild criticism?
 Utahraptor! It says here that it's you! It says right here on "BURN CHART 2007&quot; that you're #1!
 Yep!
 I've got some regrets!
Text: It was this guy.  He did it.  T-Rex.  This guy.
Text: There was a cop called Utahraptor who saw T-Rex and he chased him on foot.  It was exciting.  Where would the chase lead to now?
Text: The chase was on motorbikes for a while and then on skateboards.  Then they chased on hang gliders.  A bystander told his wife it was the best chase ever and she knew it was true.  They were chasing on foot again when it ended.  Utahraptor arrested T-Rex, but T-Rex explained how the bank was evil.  The cop thought now I am torn between the law and what I believe is right.  What do I do now!  Utahraptor let T-Rex go with a warning.  T-Rex said thanks I have learned my lesson.  The mystery was solved, except for one part: where would the spirit of adventure take T-Rex next??
 So?  What do you think, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Michael Chabon?
 I don't think you should use the word "retarded&quot; like that, Michael Chabon.
 The best part of my mystery story was obviously the chase scene. Therefore, I've written a new story -
 - one that's ALL chase scene!
 So Utahraptor's chasing the main character of T-Rex, right? On foot. But then it escalates! Soon they're chasing on jury-rigged rollerblades. Then in expensive cars that they find! Then the cars explode, and they're thrown from the explosion straight into waiting GYROCOPTERS. And THEN, the gyrocopters crash on boats and they chase on the boats!
 The boats can turn into SUBMARINES, Dromiceiomimus.
 YEAH 'CAUSE THAT WOULD BE SO BORING
 It's awesome. There's a part where the chase takes us to outer space, on rockets! And then after a gun fight IN ORBIT we're both in freefall back to Earth - but without parachutes and with our spacesuits rapidly heating up! Will this fight end in victory... or in fiery death for us both? FIND OUT IN MY NEXT BOOK!
 The book is called, "A Plane Saved Them, And You Should Have Seen It.&quot;
 Is it true that the content of our thoughts - their very meaning - is determined, at least in part, by our environment?
 Okay, suppose I think "I love chocochops&quot;, which are of course delicious chocolate pork chops with a real pork chop bone.  And say there's a twin Earth, completely identical - EXCEPT that there, chocochops have a different chemical makeup, but taste and look the same!  If my twin thinks &quot;I love chocochops&quot;, he's actually referring to the one with CRAZY CHEMICALS, while when I think that, I'm referring to a chemically different object.  The environment determines our semantics!
 SOMEONE CAME UP WITH IT FIRST?
 But I don't mention anything about semantic externalism!
 Sometimes I like to call her just to say hello
 Dromiceiomimus, I know you're vegetarian, but you've been vegetarian since forever.  You were ahead of the curve!  But lately everyone ELSE is suddenly like, "Oh, T-Rex, I'm sorry, *I* don't eat pork chops anymore because they're way too delicious.  And gosh, no, no, steaks are out too because they don't have any stupid chlorophyll in them!&quot;
 ?That's what they're like!
 I do!  MOST OF THEM.
 I guess I'm not used to feeling in the minority in knowing that animals can be friends AND food!  It's not hard!  You say, "Aw, that animal is SO CUTE&quot; and then the camera cuts away and when it cuts back they have a bite mark out of them and I look cartoonishly guilty.  The end!
 Hold on, I'm gonna go make that film.
 I bet I can get AT LEAST three more movies out of this premise!
 I love biting animals.
 Oh my goodness do I ever love ELECTIONS.
 You can't spell "selection&quot; without &quot;election&quot;!
 Not - not that really has any bearing on "selection&quot; or &quot;election&quot;. I'm pretty sure they have different etymologies. In fact, I'm almost certain, especially since I've never heard of &quot;s&quot; alone bing used as as a prefix. So REALLY, there's no reason I'd talk about the shared spelling between &quot;selection&quot; and &quot;election&quot; unless my intent was to mislead people based on coincidental surface construction! Huh.
 Let me answer that...
 ... with a "HELLS YEAH!!&quot;. I voted so hard, Utahraptor. You should have seen me. I was DEMOCRACY IN ACTION. I picked up my ballot and said&quot;HELLS YEAH!!&quot; and then when I stuffed it into the ballot box, i did it with so much panache and ?lan that I can't hardly wait for the novelization.
 You know what I'm sayin', Utahraptor? You pickin' up what I'm throwin' down?
 It's going to be one HECK of a novelization.
 I have been quietly seeking out part-time employment, and my search has finally come to an end!
 Tomorrow, I start in my new employ.
 I will be a bouncer!
 And if people start causing trouble, I will say, "Are you looking for trouble, Mister?  Because you have found the trouble you were looking for!&quot;
 Then I will stomp on him like this!
 Or perhaps like this!
 I cannot, for now I work as a bouncer and stomping on unruly customers is part of my job!
Utahraptor: Fine then, I'm going to get a job as a T-Rex hunter.
Utahraptor: Shooting T-Rexes will be part of MY job!
 Noooo!
  In verificationism, a sentence has to be verifiably true (or false!) for it to be meaningful.  Not bad, guys!  I think this is one philosophy that is verifiably REASONABLE.
  So that's it for arguing about religion!  Can't verify faith!
  In fact, that's it for a lot of debate, because how can you argue FACTS?  Most verificationist arguments must end with the parties involved looking things up in an encyclopaedia together and then firmly shaking hands.
  They agree that the sentence is meaningless!  If it can't be checked, there's no use considering it, so it's ignored.  Facts only please!!
  Because... because of Science?
Utahraptor:  Come on, T-Rex, you know better!  Science is about being empirically ACCURATE, which might not be the same thing as being true.  Plus your senses could be lying to you, you could be a brain in a jar, etc..   If you're going to be verificationist, you're going to need a pretty impregnable definition of "truth&quot;.
  Aha!  But I can't VERIFY that my senses are liars, nor can I verify that I'm a brain in a jar!  How does THAT taste, Utahraptor?
  Can you just tell me how it tastes, when you put THAT in your pipe and smoke it?
 If I'm going to be verificationist, I'd better figure out what it means to say that something is true!  I'm going to start with... relativism!
 This one is all, "Well, it's true for me!&quot;
 Guys.  Come on.  This is the dumbest theory of truth.  This is the theory of truth that draws tattoos on itself in blue pen and then when you ask why anyone would draw a picture on their forearm of tree, with sausages, with the words "sausage tree&quot; beneath it, it gets mad and says &quot;You don't understand my truth!&quot;
 I'm - I'm personifying a little here but that's seriously what relativism does.
 Again - ultra dumb!
 What I want is a theory of truth that's incontrovertible.  In fact, I don't want even a THEORY of truth!  I want a fact of truth.
 Oh YEAH??  We'll see about that!
 Well God, I guess it really just goes to show you that there's many different competing ideas about what "true&quot; really means!
 And THAT'S the truth!
 Wait, I know some truths that are absolute: mathematical truths! How could I have been so blind?
 It is a FACT that one plus one equals two!
 All I need is a way to convert mathematical truths to the real world and I WILL NEVER BE WRONG AGAIN!
Dromiceiomimus: Um - I'm sorry to break it to you, T-Rex, but mathematical truths aren't absolute either. Math is built on a priori assumptions: you start with a few things that you assume are true and build on them! Stuff like "1+2 is the same as 2+1&quot;. Then you build up a mathematical system around that, but that doesn't mean math is true. It's just - consistent!
 But... 1+2 IS the same as 2+1!
Utahraptor: Or so you think, T-Rex!
 Damn my potentially-flawed senses!
 Attention, everyone I've ever met and ever will meet! Never mention the "flawed senses&quot; idea again, okay? It prevents me from knowing absolute truth.
Everyone T-Rex has ever met and ever will meet: SURE THING, T-REX!
 Patrick Stewart! What are you doing here?
 I have gone too far "down the rabbit hole&quot; and am reduced to being sure only of my own thoughts, and even then some other chump could be projecting them into my head. To that I say: &quot;whatEVER!&quot;
 People do fine with approximations!
 So what if truth is a platonic ideal that can't be reached? I'm fine with that! When someone says to me, "T-Rex, your birthday is this Saturday,&quot; will I demand they prove it? No. I will say &quot;wicked sweettimes&quot; and then I would say &quot;what did you get me&quot; and then I would say &quot;I bet it's so awesome&quot; and that will be that.
 See? It's true!
 OR, it's close enough to true that we all agree on it. Brains in jars don't get birthdays! This is the reality I'm living in, and if it's not real then OH WELL, at least we'll all be eating ice cream cake come Saturday. You know?
Voice: Hey, T-Rex! This ice cream cake is delicious!
 Thanks! Don't you think it tastes like... philosophical compromise?
 But you can hardly taste it, eh?
 What if... what if I had the BEST HOUSE EVER this Hallowe'en?
[[inside T-Rex's thought bubble]]
Guys: T-Rex!  This house is SPOOK-TACULAR!
 Guys, I totally know!!
 I must make this dream come true!  But HOW?
Dromiceiomimus: What if you made your house spiritually scary, T-Rex?  Like, instead of a corpse, a mannequin of a woman who is realizing that she has married badly.
 Not bad!  And I could have a spooky tape, but instead of chainsaws and screams, I'd have the voice of a man quietly dictating memories of his youth, knowing Alzheimer's will rob him of them soon.
 Sure they will!
 Man, you just wait!  Kids will be boarding the train to SCARYTOWNE at my house.
 Because he's got a disease that robs him of his memories, relationships and identity.  It is death before death.
 Oooh, what scary costumes!
 Ah, the start of a brand new year.  There's so much potential!  What could possibly go wrong?
 Stood up on Valentine's day?
 Stood up on ST. PATRICK'S DAY?!
Dromiceiomimus: Aww, T-Rex, we can still hang out and drink green beer!
 Thanks, Dromiceiomimus.  But man, who stands someone up on St. Patrick's day?  BESIDES MY DATE, THAT IS!!
 I CAN'T BELIEVE I WAS STOOD UP AGAIN, TODAY, ON CINCO DE MAYO.
Utahraptor: Aww, T-Rex!  It'll be okay!
 Remember my St. Patrick's Day date?  The woman who stood me up?
 TODAY IS LABOUR DAY (LABOR DAY IN THE UNITED STATES) AND SHE STOOD ME UP AGAIN.
 You know, besides being stood up all the time, it wasn't actually that bad a year!
 You know how in stories, whenever a character has the chance, he always decides that it's too dangerous to know too much about his own future?
 Um, I would like to know too much, please!
 Knowing who I marry, knowing where I end up living - all of these would be great timesavers!
 Okay, knowing just one thing, then. Going through life knowing that no matter what, I'm going to win the lottery, for example!
 Also good!
 I just want one little tidbit, you know?
 Man I coulda told you that! I accidentally almost ate a whole pig at breakfast, you know?
 Oh my goodness!
 My future! It's... it's so AWESOME...
 Sometimes, someone will break up with you. Aw snaps! What do you say to THAT?
 Here are some things you can say to that!
 "It's okay, sweetie! I'm sure one day you'll find someone ALMOST as good as me!&quot;
 "Would you also break up with a rocket skateboard? BECAUSE THOSE WOULD BE GREAT. LIKE ME. I AM GREAT.&quot;
 "What if your next boyfriend is uglier?&quot;
 "Honestly though, I will always treasure the time we had together. I liked who I was with you - who we were together - and I hope we'll both be able to take that with us in the future. You've changed me and you're a part of who I am. I know our relationship will be different now, but I can't imagine ever not loving you.&quot;
 "Oh, were we dating?&quot;
 Wouldn't it be funny if I planted A FAKE GRAVE for future generations to discover?
T-Rex's thought bubble: YES.
 Why, yes, it would!
 What I'm going to do is get a construction crew to put a skeleton, wearing workman's clothes, RIGHT IN MY HOUSE'S WALLS. Then, when my house is torn down in the future, the deconstruction crew will wonder which of their unlucky cousins faced such a grim demise!
 From... the internet?
 Forget you, internet! Your skeletons cost like $6000!
 Well, no, a real one. But if I use a fake one the prank will be found out too soon!
 SERIOUSLY??
 I get to spend the rest of my life being in on a great joke, and knowing that after I'm dead some honest tradespeople are going to be spooked, then intrigued, then cheezed off at me!
 Not bad!
 God, guess what I'M going to do today!
 Indeed!!
 Fake graves...for EVERYONE!
 One of them will be a dude with the remains of a time machine, and I'm gonna put him down at the Permian-Triassic boundary (the greatest extinction event EVER, in which 95% of all marine species and 70% of all land life became extinct)! I'm gonna make it look like this guy's time machine was responsible. It'll be all there in his notebook. "My time machine accidentally blew up and is responsible for the mass extinctions. Frig.&quot;
 All of this will go in Dromiceiomimus's back yark, which I forgot to ask permission about!
 Utahraptor, in YOUR back yard I'd like to bury a skeleton, but I'm also gonna give him some extra fingers and also we'll cover him in feathers. People will say "Who was this Incredible Feathered Bird Man with all the crazy fingers? Was he - was he a GOD?&quot;
 Tell me honestly, Mr. Tusks: do you think my grave pranks are DEFINITELY the most awesome ideas you've ever heard?
Mr. Tusks: I think they're a...TINY bit awesome, T-Rex!
 Mr. Tusks...are you just saying that for the pun?
 Today is a good day I think for pointing out the failures of others!
 I will consider it as a public service!
 To begin: your house is too small and your car is slightly out of scale! And you! Your colouring is improbable!
 You, tiny woman, are too tiny and also lack personality!
 My comments were addressed to the young lady beneath my foot; you were not their intended target.
 You have difficulty discerning to whom I am speaking!
 I babysat a pterodactyl last night. It was pretty fun, I red him his favourite stories, we played some games, but then I lost him so I ate some sandwiches and went home.
 All in all, a good night!
Dromiceiomimus: What? You LOST the baby pterodactyl you were sitting? You LOST a BABY? T-Rex! THIS IS A MUCH BIGGER DEAL THAN YOU THINK IT IS!
 But - she can have more, right? She won't mind if one goes missing, right?
Dromiceiomimus: Holy cow! She will mind, T-Rex! You are in big trouble!
 oh no oh no oh no! I lost the baby I was sitting! I am the world's worst babysitter!
 I'm screwed!
 Cargo cults are religions that have developed during World War II in island tribal societies exposed to the West!  Islanders saw planes delivering amazing and valuable cargo to the troops, and believed it to be divine.
 During the war, the islanders would see this cargo going to the troops and would grow to believe that the gods meant it for them - that the white people were just getting it sooner because of their influential rituals.  And of couse, after the war ended and the troops left, the cargo stopped being dropped too.
 The islanders started mimicking what they'd seen the troops doing!
 The result was ersatz marches, imitation airstrips and walkie talkies made out of wood and bamboo, and even torch signal flares, used to signal divine planes that never come!
  I know!  It's CRAZY!  Not in the pejorative sense, but in the more esoteric "Holy crap the Prime Directive on Star Trek was RIGHT&quot; sense of crazy.  It's a very particular sense of crazy but I'm feeling it right now!
 What if - what if I started my OWN cargo cult?
 Aw man! You say that for ALL the awesome stuff.
 What if I put chocolate sauce in my iced tea?
 I'm gonna!!
 What if I started my OWN waterslide, but put a fine layer of gasoline on top, and then lit it, so that when you slide you could slide through FIRE (EXTREME!!), but then if it got too hot, you'd just have to go underwater to "cool down&quot;?
 I'd give you a FREE pass!
 What if I made... carbonated CARBON?
 Dromiceiomimus! Which kind of street does a ghost love best?
 A DEAD END!
 I know! Should you laugh... OR RUN IN TERROR?
 Hey Utahraptor! Why don't bats live alone?
Utahraptor: I don't know, T-Rex! Why DON'T bats live alone?
 Because they prefer to hang out with their friends!
 BOOberry!
 Mali-BOO!
 Because... they're aBOOlitionists?
 Homophones are words that SOUND the same but mean different things, like "news&quot; and &quot;gnus&quot;. Way to go only part way, HOMOPHONES.
 Don't bother showing up to my dinner party, HOMOPHONES.
 More impressive, and still invited for Yukon Potato Gnocchi, are words that are SPELT the same, but have two different meanings: words like "attribute&quot; (to credit something to someone) and &quot;attribute&quot; (a property of something)! One's a noun and one's a verb and it's seriously so awesome. I cannot imagine how to perfect these words, as they are already perfect! Oh ho ho!
 Utahraptor! Let's be serious!
 Are you not familiar with accent? Or with addict, combine, conduct, conflict, content, and object? PERHAPS YOU'D ALSO LIKE TO SAY HELLO TO PERFECT, PRESENT, PROGRESS, REFUND, SUSPECT, AND UPSET?
 Okay. Well. They're at my dinner party tonight.
 Man! I've got to start inviting REAL people to my parties.
 I have not!
 Sorry, other word classes!  I have a NEW girlfriend now!
 A homographic homophonic autantonym is a word that is spelt AND pronounced the same, but has two opposite and contradictory meanings!  For example, I can dust a crop (adding pesticides to it), or I can dust a counter (removing dust from it)!  Way to go, dust!  You are a winner; you are a word that contains multitudes.
 Probably because we want it to be incredibly awesome?
 INDEED!
 ALL YOU CAN DO is hope to use your real-world knowledge about crops and tables to figure out what's going on.  And it's even worse with words like "overlook&quot;, meaning &quot;examine&quot; but ALSO meaning &quot;miss noticing entirely&quot;.  Can't rely on the noun there!
 What is not to like?  They're words that do their job in the most sarcastic, sullen, passive-aggressive way possible, and they totally get away with it!
 I just want to pat them on the head and ruffle their hair, you know?
 He's Just Not That Into You?  Come on.  I can write a better self-help book for people who want cold-hard yet charmingly sassy relationship advice!
 Probably!
 WHAT
 Dromiceiomimus, Utahraptor put me on his friggin' book!  It's got me on the cover and it makes me look like I wrote it even though the title is just pure sass.  It is pure SASSY MOLASSY.
 I will!  Right after I stomp on a few things to work off my anger, that is!
 UTAHRAPTOR.
 The mere sight of you has returned my anger!  Why did you put out that book?
 SOMEONE put out sass-ass book, and said it was by Utahraptor!
 All I've got to show for the past week is a bunch of books that nobody is ever going to read!
 Not bad! I wish I could have tried it!
 What?! When did you get that?
 Man, I missed out on ROCKET SKATING because I was writing books? That sucks! That -
 That SUCKS.
 Well at least THAT sounds totally awesome to the max!
 So this homeless guy asked me for change yesterday.
 The first thing I thought was, "Sure!&quot;
 But then I thought, well, wait, if I really want to fight homelessness, wouldn't this money be better spent on community programs that fight it, both through helping the homeless, and through political change? But then I thought, well, this guy's right here, you know, and saying that I'm going to make a donation isn't gonna cut it. And then I thought, wait, this guy looks pretty out of it- is he going to spend my money on drugs? Do I want to tacitly support his addiction?
 Sure did!
 And then I thought, even if he is going to spend it on drugs, is it my job to deny him money? Should I go around enforcing my morality on others? And then I thought, geez man, how ridiculous am I that a guy asking for change throws me into these throes of self-doubt and analysis?
 Pretty ridiculous! But then I recalled Socrates "The unexamined life is not worth living&quot; and at that point my head pretty much exploded.
 I gave him my change and whispered "DON'T TELL ANYONE UNTIL I CAN FIGURE US OUT&quot;?
 Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things!  As a dinosaur, stomping is the best part of my day indeed! 
 I think the Dromiceiomimus has a crush on me! 
 Sure! 
 Sure did!
 Yes!  Can we continue this later?  I have to go babysit a little pterodactyl. 
 I lost the baby I was babysitting! 
 I'm screwed! 
 My bike broke because I had maintained it poorly. But you know what they say!
 "200 kilotons of prevention is worth 3200 kilotons of cure!&quot;
 They also say, "An apple a day keeps the doctor in his house. Look: the doctor has no clients.&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: Further, T-Rex, they go on to observe that "One bad apple spreads decay to other apples stored nearby. An entire barrel can easily be ruined in this manner.&quot;
 It's SO TRUE.
 Now that you mention it, I have!
 You'd expect that over time they'd condense down to their core meanings. But I guess that's our friggin' universe for you!
 "If there was a singular Dickens who had to pee, I would be SO like him right now.&quot;
 Who was the dude sitting alone at the biggest table in a packed restaurant last night, waiting for friends who never came? It was ME!
 Friiiiiig!
 I know! I got the dates confused and there I was, Mr. No Friends Who Likes To Pretend. After about 30 minutes I started smiling at people who'd look at me and make this shrugging "Friends, huh? They sure are unreliable!&quot; gesture, which I'd then follow up with a &quot;I have lots of friends: hand signal. Looks like this.
 I was! But then I started trying to own it, you know?
 I ordered this big appetizer platter "for my friends when they arrive&quot; and distributed it so there was food for everyone, slowly picking at my share while the rest went cold. It was great. I perfected this heart-breakingly hopeful glance up whenever new people came it.
 Eventually I just stopped looking up at all, blankly staring at the chicken wing bones on my plate. Finally I ordered a piece of cake with a candle and sang "Happy birthday&quot; to myself, quiet and soft.
 The waitress gave me the cake for free!
 I have the greatest idea for a movie!  I've said this before but this time it's for serious.  There's this cop, right?
 Right!
 And he's a "by-the-books&quot; cop who does everything &quot;by-the-books&quot;.  But one day a big crime is committed and the only guy who knows anything about it is this criminal: a criminal who is prone to cracking wise!  So the cop and the criminal have to team up to stop the bad guys before they commit crimes again.  And at the end they have learned to respect each other's way of life, and they hug for a while.  Five stars!
Utahraptor: Aw, T-Rex, come on.  Why would a "by-the-books&quot; cop team up with a criminal?
 Um, TO SOLVE CRIMES??
 . . .The movie takes place on a planet where interrogation is banned.
 So Columbus discovers America, right? Or at least, he REdiscovers the continent. He discovers it for Europe. Maybe not for the first time.
 Columbus popularizes the continent!
 And afterwards, what happens is what cooks call the "Columbian explosion&quot;, where fruits and vegetables brought back from the new world have a profound effect on the cooking in the old one! Tomatoes and potatoes are but two of the best-rhyming examples. When people back home discovered these vegetables, they started experimenting with them and coming up with all sorts of crazy, YET DELICIOUS, dishes! The Columbian explosion was an explosion of TASTE.
 Exactly!
 And we don't think "Irish cooking&quot; without &quot;potato&quot;, and South Korean food is big on Western peppers too! It must have been an exciting time, trying these new meals that nobody on the continent had ever tasted.
 It makes me wish we could have something like that, you know? I'm TIRED of the same old vegetables.
 And I'm TIRED of God offering to create new vegetables for me.
 Okay MAYBE there were some downsides to the Columbian explosion.  The old world got tomatoes and potatoes, AND corn and peanuts, AND rubber, AND cocoa, and in exchange gave the new world... lettuce?
 And also horses!
 And also the cholera and influenza and bubonic plague and typhoid fever, and um, smallpox.  So basically the world got this explosion of new and tasty times, but also this exchange of disease, and just about every culture on Earth was affected.  But what's neat is that we can look forward to the same thing if we ever encounter alien life!
 Well... MAYBE.
 But we don;t know anything about alien life!  Maybe they'll look just like us AND share diseases with us, but with pointier ears.  And logic?
 maybe...
 maybe i should get me some clothes
 "We Need Leaders Who Actually Understand Technology.&quot;  Ahem.  Amelia and Antonio Tony stood in the bedroom.  They were going to have sex!  This is how things looked like they were going to me, the omniscient third-person narrator: sexy times ahoy.
 'We need leaders who actually understand technology,' muttered Amelia!
 Antonio Tony nodded curtly, taking off his pants.  It was so obvious.  Amelia locked eyes with Antonio, paused, and took off her shirt.  Antonio smiled appreciatively.  'There are so many bad laws passed through a misunderstanding of how computers actually work,' he thought.  Amelia's breasts were pretty great.  Antonio was hot too but THIS omniscient third-person narrator is into the ladies.
 This one's new!  It's POLITICALLY CHARGED.
 "Soon Antonio and Amelia had sex and it was great.  They decided they had a pretty good time.  Suddenly, you find yourself agreeing... We Need Leaders Who Actually Understand Technology!&quot;
 In parts.  Isn't it great?
 The book's slogan is, "Think Like Me, While You're Imagining Sex.&quot;
 Sweet!
 Aw boo!
 It sucks, Dromiceiomimus! People stop me in the street and say "I love your work&quot;, and what do you say to that? &quot;I'm glad you found my stories arousing&quot;? Because that's- that's what I say.
 I say "I'm glad you found my stories arousing&quot; and I shake their hand and I smile and stare at them for a long, unblinking moment.
 Yeah, but A SEX celebrity! It stinks!
 So maybe they DON'T like it for the sex!
 LAH LAH LAH LAH LAH I can't hear you LAH LAH LAH what does God need with erotica anyway LAH LAH LAH LAH don't answer that LAH LAH LAH
 I would like to get thoughtful Christmas presents for all my friends and family, but I have a problem.
 I am just not that thoughtful a person!
 WHOOPS?
 Hey, Utahraptor, if your house was on fire, what one possession would you want to save?
 NO, I meant like, what replaceable, CONSUMER ELECTRONICS possession would you want to save?  Also, you can't already have the possession.
Utahraptor: Aw, T-Rex!  I don't want to just tell you to buy me something.
 Is in an MP3 player?  Look, they have MP3 players here!
 Aren't you always saying how you wish you could play your MP3s?
 I have never been more frustrated than I am right now! I'm so frustrated I'm - I'm gonna write a swear on a wall!
 There! It says: "poo&quot;.
 I'm frustrated again!
 I'm frustrated at my apparent inability to have a serious conversation about feelings without making jokes about how ridiculous all feelings are ever!
 Not that frustrated, though. I wrote "poo&quot; on a wall!
 If someone says something is "a whale of a good time&quot;, I'm expecting to see some marine life.
 Guys! I am not alone in this!
 The phrase has been ruined bye people making the obvious stupid joke. Now it's only used by zoos featuring whales, or by dads, when then are taking their kids to visit zoos featuring whales. It's also used by marine biologists, and dads, when they are taking their kids to visit marine biologists. IT'S NOT EVEN A GOOD JOKE! You are using the word "whale&quot; when talking about a whale. That's not comedy! That's a literal use of adjectives.
 Not always!
 It should mean "a good time that is large or immense: METAPHORICALLY like a whale&quot;, but the metaphor's broken because it's always used on literal friggin' whales. &quot;Dog-gone great&quot; is getting there too. But Im gonna fight it, one person at a time!
 YOU ARE HAVING AN ELEPHANT OF A GOOD TIME.
 Well, if there has been a moral to my life over the past few days, it has been this: never lose a baby!
 Never do that!
 Never lose a baby, because if you do, the mother will be very angry until the baby is returned!
 Never lose a baby, because if you do, people likely won't trust you with babies in the future!
 That's true!
Utahraptor: So what's the lesson here, T-Rex?
 Never lose a baby!
 Has there ever been a situation in which a tiger has eaten a penguin?
 And then the penguin is all, "DANG&quot;?
 Right! So that leaves us, the dinosaurs, to introduce the two species and watch one of them get gobbled! Have we done that? Or have we been shirking our Decadent Tops of the Food Chain responsibility of Unnatural Carnivore Pairings?
 PROBABLY because it's really interesting?
 I just figure it's a pretty short list of animals that haven't been eaten by a tiger, you know? And I don't know how many people have had the pleasure of seeing something eat something that that something has never eaten before, but I'd like to be one of those people.
 Whoever he is, I bet he's handsome!
 What would be the best thing for me to do tonight? As I see it, I could do the dishes, or I could mop the floors, or I GUESS that I could invent an elixir that gives me the strength of twenty men.
 Or I guess I could do all three!
 And that's the amazing true story of how I invented my elixir, Dromiceiomimus.
 ALMOST. It actually gives me the strength of twenty girlfriends!
 They're tough girlfriends.
 Strength! 20 girlfriends!
 No. What? I don't know how to explain it better. If twenty girlfriends can lift up a car then I can lift up that car too.
 Nope! He's still asleep.
 Sure thing?
 He talks like a 1920s villain!
 Yeah, but chap, you know what I don't say?
 I don't say, "He slumbers still? Alack! One thousand curses! When the Sandman's spell at last lies vanquished at his feet, give him good heed: Doug has come calling.&quot;
 I know, right?
 Oh man! I've just had an elephant of a good idea!
 TOUCH-o-vision!
 Smell-o-vision has been tried, and vision and hearing are taken care of, but two senses remain yet untapped! Taste-o-vision sounds disgusting, but - there's so much potential for touch-o-vision!
 Like it's a boxing movie, and whenever the underdog hero gets punched, you get punched! You'd start to think, "MAN, I hope that guy wins! Then I'd get punched less!&quot;
 I admit only that there are issues.
 Ooh, what if? What if? Here's a what if for you: WHAT IF I MAKE A MILLION DOLLARS?
 Ow! What the hell, Punchbot?
 I know it's terrible, and I know many people are like this. But I can't deny it any longer! I am that guy!
 I am that guy who goes to stand up comedy and thinks, "MAN, I could TOTALLY do that!&quot;
 And I know the best comics just make it look easy and I know it's hard to get a room full of strangers to laugh, but NEVERTHELESS, I am utterly convinced that I could do it.
Dromiceiomimus: So then, do it T-Rex! Write some material, sign up for an amateur night, and do it!
 You know what? I will!
 Yep!
 Exactly! And if we get some friends in the audience, at least THEY can laugh.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: We've got to go write some material!
T-Rex's thoughts: Huh! Instead of writing "I rode a horse&quot;, I wrote &quot;I wrode a horse&quot;!
T-Rex's thoughts: I COULD USE THIS IN MY ACT.
 You know what would be the worst?  Meeting someone who was ACTUALLY NAMED "Al Coholic&quot;.
 And he actually IS an alcoholic!
 And he hasn't changed his name and he hates it and he drinks all the time.  And everyone laughs when they hear his name, and then they get to know him and discover his illness and they feel awful.  They begin to wonder if their laughter makes him drink.
 Maybe he's searching for an answer to that question, Dromiceiomimus... at the bottom of a bottle.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, come on, this is ultra dumb.
 I'm just saying!  It would be the worst.
 If you were his friend you'd always say "Come on Al, stop drinking, change your name.  At least go by your middle name.&quot;  And then he'd take a swig from the bottle, wipe his mouth with the back of his hand, and tell you his middle name is &quot;Choc&quot;.
 He probably would!  Man!
 Poor Al!
 I've never felt worse for inventing someone!
 I am a guy who likes to keep his hopes and dreams SECRET. This is because, if I fail to achieve them, then only I know that I screwed up!
 Works for me!
 It's like, say I tell everyone I want to be an astronaut, right? And now it's 20 years later and I'm not an astronaut and it's some stupid "what have you done with your life&quot; reunion and everyone's like &quot;HEY T-REX, HOW'S THE ASTRONAUT LIFESTYLE? IS IT - IS IT PRETTY ACHIEVEABLE?&quot;
 I'd much rather they say, "What did T-Rex say he wanted to be? I can't recall! I bet it's what he is now, though.&quot;
 Perhaps!
 But not everyone wanted to, say, be in a committed relationship and own a house before they were 25.
 SEE? SEE? This is why I keep my hopes and dreams to myself.
T-Rex (thought bubble): it would be great if one day i rode in a hot air balloon and threw down candy at people so they liked me more.
T-Rex (thought bubble): aw, who am i kidding?
T-Rex (thought bubble): folks will just make fun
 Hypothesis: all movie titles can be made better by the addition of the word "Friggin'&quot;.
 Proff by selected examples!
 Back To The Friggin' Future!
 Bill And Ted's Excellent Friggin' Adventure; The Ten Friggin' Commandments; Honey, I Shrunk The Friggin' Kids!
 Some Like It Friggin' Hot?
 DENIED!
 There is nuance, subtlety in the placement of the Friggin'. Contrast and compare The Friggin' Sound of Music; Guess Who's Coming to Friggin' Dinner; Big Friggin' Trouble in Little Friggin' China; and Yes, Virginia, There Is A Friggin' Santa Claus.
 Right on!
 Yes!!
 ...You're doing it wrong.
 I have recently acquired some snake oil, and it has inspired me to compile a list of professions that have been ruined by lexicalized phrases!
 First: snake oil salesmen!
 Since the phrase now means "con artist&quot;, nobody wants to be a snake oil salesman! But I presume there was a point when a man could procure some snake oil and go door-to-door selling it, and maybe those guys wrecked it for the rest of us. Maybe they were all chumps. MAYBE they were all, in fact, SUPERCHUMPS.
 I knew it!!
 PANACEA?! THAT'S THE SECRET WORD OF THE DAY!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
 Lost babies  turn up in the strangest places! For instance...
 Under the couch!
 That's where he was!
 Under the couch! Of all the places for a lost baby to be...
 Yes, I bought it "on layaway&quot; .
 Sure!
 OH MY GOD. I just realized that yesterday when Utahraptor said "universal panacea&quot;, he was using a pleonasm!
 (Pleonasm is the use of redundant, unnecessary words to express an idea!)
 Hah hah! This is Utahraptor: "Hey, T-Rex, do you want to drink some cola-flavoured Coca-Cola brand carbonated cola beverages? Perhaps afterwards we'll take the public transport large road vehicle bus and buy with money or credit some submarine sub sandwiches?&quot;
 That's TOTALLY HIM, Domiceiomimus!
 Sorry? Could your vocal chords and mouth repeat that?
Utahraptor: Pleonasms have legitimate uses! For example, if I wasn't sure my audience (YOU, T-Rex) would know what "panacea&quot; meant, I might use a similar word, allowing you to deduce some of my semantics without needing an explanation.
 Maybe after the subs sandwiches we could go to a water lake beach shore?
 We could go to the water lake beach shore in our water lake beach shore swimming shorts for swimming? In water?
 BUT IT'S WINTER!!
 Science dudes!
 I have some bad news!
 I think that time travel might not actually be possible!
 Because say I travel to the future and take back some sweet future technology: let us say, hoverbikes.  Nice!  And then people in the present can examine the hoverbikes and see how they work to duplicate them, which is also nice, until we get to the future and the guy who invented hoverbikes won't do it anymore because they've already been invented!  He doesn't want to be a copycat.  Assume for the sake of argument that he doesn't want to be a copycat.
 Yes!
 The creativity that was required to create hoverbikes has been erased!  Who had the insight now?
 But they're inventions without an inventor and you can do the same thing with works of art!
 Science dudes, are you even listening to me??
 Dear body!  Here are some things you need to stop doing!
 Aging?
 Also, making weird noises.
 Dromiceiomimus, yesterday I'm sitting there and my belly kind of goes "tweeeeet?&quot; like it's a, a, a bird or something.  What's with you, belly?  I know you're there, yes!  I don't need a &quot;tweeeeet&quot; to say hello.  I just put food in you and that is gonna have to be INTRODUCTION ENOUGH.
 As a matter of fact, I DO.
 One, my body needs to survive in space, two, it needs to be able to eat paper in an emergency, three, flight would be nice, also, four, sometimes when I'm sleeping I get a cramp in my leg muscles and I have to punch the muscles.
 Four is the worst!  Also, FIVE, I wish my body would poop more instead of putting on weight.
 No, seriously!  Because -
 because i don't like being fat and pooping is good times
<title>The alternate, sadder ending has a different last panel, where it's a few weeks earlier, and a woman is saying "T-Rex, that certainly took a long time and I didn't enjoy it at all&quot;, and T-Rex is thinking &quot;but - she promised she'd be nice afterwards&quot;</title>
 There are many situations in which "that's what she said!&quot; may be appropriately used! For example, after someone says, uh,
 "What a good date!&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: That's TERRIBLE. T-Rex, you're supposed to use it to recontextualize an innocuous statement into a double entendre, not to indicate that both people on the date were happy. Here, say it after I stop talking. "You can stay in my guest house for a week.&quot;
 That's what SHE said!
 Well, you can use "that's what she said!&quot; when telling a story, too!
 Yeah, like - "Anneke said 'How do you do.' To clarify, that's what SHE said!&quot;
Utahraptor: Ug. Here, look: "T-Rex, that certainly took a long time and I didn't enjoy it at all.&quot;
 That's what SHE said!
 Finally! Normally this isn't so hard!
 Utahraptor, don't interrupt! I WAS SAYING, normally it doesn't take me THIS long to finish with something good, even if it's just a little ejaculation.
 CLIMATE CHANGE, huh?
 There certainly is a lot of climate that's CHANGING, right? Right?! Can I get a witness?
 Or MAYBE, climate isn't changing at all. Or maybe it is, but who cares because it's all someone else's fault!
 or maybe the climate is supposed to change because we all got new swimmin' trunks
Utahraptor: That is without exaggeration, T-Rex, the weakest comment on climate change that I have ever heard, or am ever likely to hear!
 Serious concern? I just stepped on a tiny woman, so her only influence on the climate is that now she's dead.
 In the climate.
 Right now she's probably saying "OH MAN WHAT A CHANGE FOR ME! A CLIMATE CHANGE, THAT IS!!&quot;
 Hey, remember when there were frogs?
 No problem! I have the whole weekend to find Christmas presents! I'll get great gifts no matter -
 - what. What? Where the heck did Saturday do? What - 
 - the heck? SUNDAY is gone too?
 Okay. I have today to find presents. I'm safe just as long as I don't end up SOMEHOW skipping a day ahead in the narrative of my life and missing out on the whole entire - 
 - day! To repeat, Utahraptor, I did zero shopping yesterday.
 I know! Thank - 
Utahraptor: - you for your very thoughtful present, T-Rex! It was fantastic. Just what I wanted, but never knew I needed! And it reflects both my AND your personalities perfectly.
 I'm glad you like it! What, uh, what was it I got you again?
 -mix of "Layla&quot; and &quot;Smells like Teen Spirit&quot; into one song. So everyone can listen to both of my favourite songs at the same time!
 This is what I keep saying!
 I love punch! I love drinking delicious punch, PROBABLY because of how it's so delicious.
 Hooray for punch! 
Dromiceiomimus: Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch, T-Rex?
 QUITE LIKELY! I don't know why I'm suddenly so into what is essentially juice mixed with maybe pop or alcohol, served in a fancy bowl with spoons, but I'm running with it.
 Oh God yes.
 Man, this party even has a stomping room! I'm totally going to get some punch soon.
Utahraptor: Okay, T-Rex!
 Dude, I'm gonna! I'm gonna go get in line for some punch RIGHT NOW! 
 Is this the punch line?
 So - you're saying there is no punch line?
 What did the depressed snowman say to his dog?
 "Snowbody loves me!&quot;
T-Rex No. That's good, though.
 He said it to his dog because snowbody loved him. He had snow friends!
 Snow it's not!
 It is so funny! Listen. I told these jokes to a snowman and he laughed.
 A lot of my friends are having babies.
 That's what I say to them! They say, T-Rex, Marcia and I are expecting a little bundle of joy. And I say, Ted, I respect you and love you as a friend, but I have to ask - what's the deal? What is the deal with the BABIES.
 That's just part of the deal!
 As a man who is "without babies&quot;, the idea of being in charge of another person's life seems insane. That's a lot of responsibility, and I have no idea if I'm qualified for that - or if anyone ELSE is, for that matter. So I have to ask -
 With the babies, yes.
 Men! We like stories, right?
 But they have to be good stories. Stories with plots in which there are good guys and bad guys, and then some explosions happen to them!
 In a good story, they function as punctuation marks. Hamlet says "To be or not to be&quot;, and the building behind him blows up. It is spectacular. The audience whispers, &quot;Yes. This is what Shakespeare meant.&quot;
 You say it like it's not fantastic!
 Sometimes they go off in the background and they barely glance over their shoulder at them. Sometimes they outrun them down halls or by climbing up ladders real fast. It depends on the scene, you know?
 Hamlet sips some whiskey while punching a man in the nose! Ophelia says she's crazy for him and they go on a helicopter ride. A ghost appears, and when Hamlet high fives him he explodes! Then Denmark explodes.
 Later, Ophelia's topless!
 I have compiled a list of people I enjoy seeing! A list, if you will...
 ... of my friends!
 Dromiceiomimus, you are on my list of friends!
 Think nothing of it!
 Tiny woman, you are NOT on my list! Prepare for a stomping!
 Well, Utahraptor, I'm glad you asked. I've compiled a list of my friends and I am stomping on those who are not on my list!
 Why yes, as a matter of fact I -
 HEY! You're off the list!
 My stories for men were a huge success - but I've excluded half of my potential market!
 I've got a great idea, Dromiceiomimus: stories for women! Stories with FEELINGS. Stories where someone sighs deeply while looking at a photograph of someone else! In the photograph that someone else is ALSO sighing deeply.
 Ha ha, of course not! This was just a hilarious test. Um.
 Sure!
 NO PROBLEM.
 Two attractive people meet and fall in love. Then they take baths and hug.
 IT'S WHAT WOMEN WANT
 Man, if this were a bath, and there was a woman here, and I was hugging her?
 I'd be totally set!
 This one's easy!
 that's because kids are EASILY ENTERTAINED. They just want bright colors that flash and spin! I can take care of that with a kaleidoscope. A story about a kaleidoscope, I mean.
 No, no! I want twelve year olds too. So ah, the kaleidoscope can transform into a ninja turtle, who can mutate into a robot. Or a barbie. or a horse.
 Or horse-Barbie. Done!
 Yes!
 If by "story&quot; you mean &quot;franchise&quot;, anyway. I don't know. I think i've lost focus.
 Excuse me, child! Your early stages of puberty: they...they -
 Oh, the things I could do if I had a rubber mallet!
[[T-Rex is daydreaming]] Voice from outside the panel: "Hey! Who hit me with this rubber mallet&quot;
 But wait! This is one idle daydream that I can make come true! Dromiceiomimus, how much does a rubber mallet cost?
 Dromiceiomimus!
 I have a few dollars!!
 Quick! To the hardware store!
 No, you're coming because this is a Mallet Party! The only tool we're going to have is rubber mallets, which function as hammers, and then all of our problems are going to look like nails. Oh yes.
 This is going to be so great!
 They were out of rubber mallets, so I bought a vegetable steamer instead. Now all my problems look like vegetables in need of a good steaming!
 I've - 
 I've made worse purchases
 There was a man freestyle rapping outside my window last night.
 It was pretty okay! His rhymes were moderately tight, too!
 About 4am! I woke up to it, which was surreal. It ended when I guess someone dissed him from across the street or behind some bushes or something? Heyelled "Who said that?!&quot; and ran off down the street.
Utahraptor: Was the rap directed at you, T-Rex? Were you being "rap serenaded&quot;?
 No, man!
 It was like he was walking down the street rapping to himself, and just happened to stop outside my place when his flow got going. I can respect that! I kinda want to be that guy, you know?
 All sorts of topics, really!
T-Rex's thoughts: Awww!
T-Rex's thoughts: Grandmoms are great for that!
 ...What?
 I'm not!
 I'm not! I don't!
 ...Kiss whom?
 I don't know!
 You don't hear that?
 Apparently not?
 I was gonna do that anyway!
 Whatever!!
 I have invented the best way to reveal the prejudices and preconceptions of my friends.
 Reverse lightbulb jokes!
 Dromiceiomimus, I'll give you the punchline and you'll supply the identifiable social group to be mocked, okay? The puchline is: "Just one: they hold the lightbulb still while the world revolves around them.&quot;
 INTERESTING.
 Sure!
 Um, okay: "Just one, but it doesn't matter: they'll never see the light anyway.&quot;
 Oh snap! Wow. Classy, guys!
 Alright, last one, everyone! "Both of them.&quot;
 Pardon?
Narrator: This morning I skipped breakfast and met T-Rex for lunch. He seemed excited. He always seems excited.
Narrator: I asked him why, and it turned out that Dromiceiomimus had a customer service issue with a shipping company, and wanted T-Rex to call because he's better at these sorts of things. They'd failed to deliver her package four times now. T-Rex already has "suckified delivery companies&quot; on his revenge list (he'd said), so he was pleased to call. He spent ten minutes listing all the ways suckified delivery companies had made his life worse, got a full head of steam, and called them up. Long story short, the package had actually been delivered that morning. T-Rex claims victory.
Narrator: I realize that this is my diary for the new year, and all I've written about so far is T-Rex. the responsibility for this, I feel, lies solely in this Christmas gift "stationary&quot; from T-Rex himself. He's drawn himself in every panel, and the same pre-printed title takes up all the space in the first one. Still - grocery shopping's more fun.
 pick up eggs
T-Rex eggs are great
T-Rex you can put them on your plate
T-Rex (thinking): People will DEFINITELY pay for a robot that "accidentally&quot; steals all their girlfriends!
T-Rex (thinking): utahraptor's skin flavoured jello
T-Rex (thinking): I should make a comic where famed scientist Francis Bacon teams up with a guy named "Eggs&quot;, so they can be called Bacon and Eggs.  In issue two, Francis could mistakenly rename himself to &quot;Chris P.&quot;!  Chris P. Bacon!
T-Rex (thinking): OH MY GOD
T-Rex (thinking): I'm still thinking about Chris P. Bacon
 Sure do!
 Sure do!
 oh. I, uh, I sure do like that colour on you Utahraptor!
 It - uh,
 it goes well with your eyes
 Man what's the deal with nobody hearing you but me, God? It's a hassle!
 I have the best joke for Dromiceiomimus!
 Is it my curse to ALWAYS have the best jokes?
 Okay, Dromiceiomimus! Here is the best joke ever for you. It's way better than all other jokes.
 So I went to the chiropractor, right? And he examined me and said "what happened to your back?&quot; and I smiled at him and I said &quot;well, Doc, let me tell you the BACKstory!&quot;
 Man, she's right! It WAS terrible.
Utahraptor: What if you're out of jokes, T-Rex?
 WHAT?
 Don't even joke about that, Utahraptor! I rely on my sense of humour as a social lubricant! It's the secret to how come girls want to kiss me sometimes.
 Mr. Tusks! What if I'm clean out of funny jokes?
Mr. Tusks: That would be a TINY bit inconvenient for me T-Rex! I need you to write a joke for my speech tomorrow to the Chiropractor's Union.
 noooooooo
 Ooh!
 Oooooh!
  Hey Dromiceiomimus, which is better: love or sex?
 I see!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, I have big news!
 Before you tell me, which is better: love or sex?
 That wasn't an option.
 Hey!
 Come back here!
 Guys, guys!
 Our universe is almost certainly a simulation!
 I know, right?
 Because check it out: if you assume that computers will continue to get better, then it stands to reason that one day we'll be able to simulate an entire universe.  And then there'll be a day shortly afterwards when we can simulate universe on our cell phones!  And once you imagine this possibility, what are the odds that OUR universe is the one real one?  It's much more likely that all creation is running in the background of some future dude's iPhone 3K!
 I am, yes!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, think of all the stories in which the characters are running around in a realistic universe, unaware that they're fictional!  DUDE!  It's overwhelmingly likely that WE'RE in a story right now!
 That's stupid.
 noooooooooo
 Ghost have got to be the saddest thing ever! They're dead people PLUS they're blind.
 That's right, I said it! Ghosts are blind!
 They HAVE to be, because they're invisible! And light needs to hit something to be seen, and if ghosts have transparent eyes they're not going to see anything. PLUS you can walk right through a ghost, so sound waves will pass through them too. They're deaf and blind most of the time, and when they do become a little visible, the world that fades into focus around them is filled with people screaming at them in terror. It's so sad!
 Yep!
 Ghosts have to be invisible, at least part of the time - that's what makes them ghosts! But if you accept that, it's fun to try to see how ghostlike you can make them without making any FURTHER assumptions.
T-Rex's thought bubble: Aw, heck.
T-Rex's thought bubble: I hate being reminded of Zach.
 The curses of the Greek gods:
 not actually that bad!
 For example: Prometheus!
 Guy gives fire back to mortals, and as punishment by Zeus he's chained to a rock and has his liver eaten by a vulture every day.
 But his liver magically regenerates overnight!
 So Prometheus' liver is a perfectly clean, natural and renewable fuel source!
 He doles out to the world a small amount of an INFINITE SUPPLY of biofeul daily.
 Way to go, Prometheus!
 Still, it's not that bad.
 Screw everyone else!
 She can avoid falling pianos and win the lottery.
 BOO HOO.
 And before you say "Sisyphus&quot;, he's immortal, PLUS he's got time to ponder the universe, PLUS a buff bod.
 All I'm saying is, it wouldn't be terrible.
 It's not that bad!!
 Oh wow, is that a quarter on the ground?
 Oh, it's one someone glued to the ground as a joke.
 Hah hah
T-Rex and Utahraptor: Awwwww!
T-Rex (thought bubble): How old am I?  27?
T-Rex (thought bubble): Wow, I was DEFINITELY expecting to be married by now.
 There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus?
 There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus!
 It's so great, Dromiceiomimus! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves, like in the zeitgeist, AND in cartoons! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and then when they go to pick up their hat, he boxes them in the butt!!
 WE HAVE TO GO.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: "boxing kangaroo&quot;?!
 You sure did! Dromiceiomimus and I are going! You should come. You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve his problems with his fists, and when he's done his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE.
 Hah hah! What's the matter, monocle guy? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo???
 Hah! Monocle guy! The kangaroo just punched off your monocle!
 Natural gas in its natural state is colorless and odourless, right. But when it's sold, we add a distinctively smelly chemical to it, so that gas leaks can easily be detected!
 This provides an opportunity for AMPLE PRANKS of HILARITY.
 All I have to do is find out what that odorant is, get some myself, and spread it around someplace! People will think that there's a gas leak when REALLY, all there will be is... um -
 Tertiary-butyl mercaptan!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, this is a very terrible idea.
 See, I thought it was too, but then I thought, maybe it's not?
 Daaaamn! That IS a much more hilarious joke!
 Guys! That's me!
 *I* did that!
 It was great, Dromiceiomimus: a whole town that had been abandoned! All these collapsing buildings and rusting machines. It was APOCALYPSE PORN.
 We should go! It's so great. You get a glimpse of what the world would be like if it all went wrong, and we all died tomorrow!
 The mine dried up and everyone moved away!
 But the buildings are still there, and they're great. It's clich?, but walking around you see all these amazing little tokens of previous life: a forgotten doll, a can of food long since unidentifiable... Dromiceiomimus and I are going back. Want to come?
 Don't even, Utahraptor!
 Don't even - don't even tell me you don't appreciate the stark aesthetics and beauty of decay
 I have lots of my own money so I can eat cookie dough whenever I want. I don't even have to cook it!
 I don't!!

 My job is "astronaut&quot;
T-Rex and Utahraptor: We're rich and have our own cars!
 yeah!
 Hey, remember when my mom switched off my computer for no reason and didn't even let me save my game? I bet she feels bad about it NOW and wishes she had been nicer to me NOW that I've MOVED OUT FOREVER just like I said I would!!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: But it's too late!
 Oh, excellent!
 That's - that's just excellent!
 Ssh!  Come closer!
 I know more secrets!
 More SECRETS of the MEDICAL PROFESSION!
 Okay, so peritonitis is when your peritoneum gets infected, and the peritoneum is basically the lining for your abdominal cavity, where your guts are!  So if that's infected, you're going to be in pain whenever your belly moves.  And when the doctor walks in the room, he might see how you're sitting, cautious in your movements, guarding your belly, and he might suspect peritonitis.  And then he might "accidentally&quot; bump into your bed or chair!
 If you start to scream from just that small bump, he'll know the peritonitis is bad!
 Well, they can just come up and say "I'm going to shake your belly so tell me if it hurts&quot;, but that primes the patient, and they'll be LOOKING to feel pain.  The bump can get you an unsolicited result and lets you quickly ascertain degree!
 Yep!  And then they'll send you for emergency surgery.  Did you know that one of peritonitis' causes is your BOWELS becoming PERFORATED so that RAW SEWAGE sloshes around in your belly?
 Man, bodies are nasty!  I can TOTALLY SEE why nascent machine intelligences don't wanna hang with us.
 My last attempt to be a motivational speaker didn't go so well.  But this time I have a plan: GENERATIVE ADVICE.  For example!
 "Customers know what they want, but they want what they know!&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: Wow, that actually sounds like good business advice, T-Rex.  Customers want to buy something they're already familiar with!
 I know, right?  But I totally just made it up, according to my Generative Advice Formula.  And I have tons more!  Like, for a restaurant: "Customers eat what they see, but they see what they eat.&quot;
 Maybe because it follows the first one?
 Okay YEAH it's obvious, but it works!  And it can be customized to any environment.  Self-help?  "Do what you want, but want what you do.&quot;  Writers?  &quot;Write what you know, but know what you write.&quot;
 "Colonize what you explore, but explore what you colonize.&quot;
 "Tame what you keep, but please, keep what you tame.&quot;
 "Nurses take care of the injured, but they injure who they take care of.&quot;
 Okay, whatever!  My formula is still good DESPITE nurse racism.
 Today is a good day I think for preparing a special meal!
 I'd better go gather the ingredients!
 I can't find ANY of the ingredients I need! What the hell? It's not like I'm looking for some ancient spice! I JUST WANT SOME PAPRIKA.
 Argh! So frustrated!
 Oh, I just can't find the ingredients I need for the special meal I'm preparing. It's very frustrating.
 Screw it! We're having Kraft Dinner, and she can deal!
 Okay so it's WWII and we're in Casablanca and people here want to go to America but they can't.  But check it out:
 I'm an American named Rick and I have two free tickets to America!
 FINE
 I know!
 You APPEAR to help the Nazis in the film, but then you let me get away with murdering one at the end so that Ilsa and her weaksauce husband can go to America.  The movie should really be about OUR relationship!
 Too late!  We already did!
 See, why didn't I ever say that to YOU?
 This movie needs way more gay
 I've never worked retail! How bad could it be?
 THIS JOB IS KILLING ME AND I CAN FEEL IT
 It's terrible, Dromiceiomimus! Every customer is either rude or bland and my coworkers are all spiritually beaten down and when I look at them I know that soon I will be spiritually broken too! And the worst part, the WORST part is that weekends suck because I know work starts up again on Monday! I hate Mondays now!!
 I HAVE BECOME GARFIELD
 Utahraptor!
 It totally is!!
 And it's boring, too! It's so boring it literally steals my life force. I'm not even misusing "literally&quot; there. I have a life force and it's precious and then I go in and then when I come out I have less of it. Hot crackers. You know what I do to pass the time?
 I stare at the MANNEQUINS.
T-Rex [[thinking]]: It's always a cold day in mannequin land, I guess
 Building a time machine is hard!
 But maybe, building a time machine to an alternate universe: NOT SO HARD??
 See, Dromiceiomimus, my new plan is to visit alternate universes to take back objects and ideas from them! Hopefully that will be much easier than using godless science to violate the natural laws of time?
 A little! But a lot of alternate universes would probably be at about the same tech level. What I'm really interested in is culture!
 Exactly!
 That's a great example. Shakespeare wrote some fantastic plays, but there's only so many of them. But infinite parallel Shakespeares on infinite parallel typewriters pretty much have to give us some terrific pieces of literature!
 Shakespeare is the greatest author in history, but all he's written is 38 plays and 154 sonnets about "how much [he] likes to gaze at yonder bosoms&quot;!
 Sometimes I feel the only purpose of our universe is to act as a warning for others
 So I've got this computer problem and I can't figure it out. Half the time it boots up it find the sound card, but half the time it doesn't! Aren't computers deterministic?
 I really thought computers were deterministic!
 But now, it seems instead of a computer I've got this MAGIC FEELINGS BOX on my desk, and when my feelings box feels like I deserve music, I get it, and when it doesn't, I don't. It's voodoo, Dromiceiomimus! It is voodoo.
Dromiceiomimus: Any sufficiently-advance technology is indistinguishable from magic, T-Rex! Arthur C. Clarke said it.
 He said it after he invented satellites, I KNOW
 Well Utahraptor, AS YOU KNOW, any sufficiently-advanced music player will be indistinguishable from magic.
 Wait, you've given me a great idea! Has that saying ever been applied to... PARTIES?
Ladies: This party rules, T-Rex!
 Thanks, ladies!
 Okay!
 Oh God. Utahraptor, do you think the NES was the greatest video games system ever? 
 The Devil is clearly trying to get me involved in a doubtlessly fruitless discussion of "OMG BEST VIDEO GAME SYSTEM EVAR&quot; and I was hoping maybe you could take the ball on this one.
 Oh God, it already is.
 Okay, look! You want to know what the greatest video game system ever is? It's the N-Gage.
[[T-Rex imagines himself theatrically promoting the singing frog as in the cartoon. Dollar signs are around his head.]]
[[T-Rex imagines himself theatrically promoting the singing frog as in the cartoon. Dollar signs are around his head.]]
 The problem with Valentine's Day is that, if you get your sweetie chocolates, the sweetness of the gesture is tainted with some measure of Societal Expectation!
 That's the problem with Valentine's Day!
 And that's all I have to say on the subject!!
Utahraptor: T-Rex!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex!
 WHAT?
 These chocolates don't taste like they're tainted by Societal Expectation at all. Thank you Utahraptor!
 They taste a little like ironic comeuppance, but - 
 I like that flavour.
 Synesthesia is an amazing neurological condition in which one sensory pathway involuntarily stimulates another.  The result is sensory overlap: tones with distinct tastes, letters of the alphabet with their own shades of colour!
 People with synesthesia BASICALLY have super powers.
 There's all sorts of synesthesia: some people taste words and syllables when they say them - sometimes even if they just think them!  Others have distinct personalities associated with numbers or letters, so that the letter "M&quot; might be polite while &quot;7&quot; gets all up in everyone's fries.  They still sense normally, it's just they've got this extra layer of perception on top of what the rest of us get.  I admit to being jealous!
Utahraptor: I actually know a woman who has synesthesia, T-Rex!
 Oh wow! Really?
 I'd love to meet her.  I know she might not be as into her condition as I am and that I'm probably glorifying it or at least fetishizing it some, but I'd still love to talk to her about it!
 I see what you're saying there!
 Pretty clever, right?  My friends say I'm "pretty clever&quot;.
 We should date!
 So I kind of shot my mouth off on an online forum?
 And it happened to be a forum in which I use my real name!
 And now I am concerned that if someone looks up my name online, they will see me acting like a jerk, and will conclude that I AM a jerk, and then they won't want to hire me or marry me or whatever. They - they won't want to do the thing that they were thinking of doing before they looked up my name.
 Avoid it, dude!
 The way I figure it, after about five years we gain the ability to look back on anything and laugh, and I can reasonably say "Oh, but I was young and stupid back then!&quot;. So, BASICALLY, I'm going to wait five years and then stop worrying about it.
T-Rex's Grandma: Hey T-rex, you were a real dick on the internet four and a half years ago!
 I KNOW, GRANDMA.
 HOW DIDTHE MUFFINS YOU WERE PLANNING TO BAKE TURN OUT
<title>T-Rex's Thought Process</title>
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, do you want to go swimming this evening with me and some friends?
T-Rex's Mental Text: Do I want to go swimming?
T-Rex's Mental Text: Do I want to go swimming?
T-Rex's Mental Text: Wait, my list doesn't make sense.  The responses don't follow from the question!
Utahraptor: T-Rex?
Utahraptor: What the heck, T-Rex?  I invite you out a'swimmin, and you get a far-away look in your eyes and walk away?
T-Rex's Mental Text: Aw darn, I totally did that.  What should I do?
 After the success of my role of "Tony&quot;, the hard-living mechanic, I have won another role!
 This play is more abstract, for you see...
 I play "Religion&quot;!
 I am faith, trust, and hope!  I am the profound belief in a power larger and more important than ourselves.
 I am truth and beauty!
 I am love and humility!
 It's the role I was born to play!
 What's that?
 Nooooo!
 Our friendship is doomed!!
 Good, nobody's around.  Now I can do something REALLY embarrassing!
[[Black bar over T-Rex's eyes]]
 It occurs to me: every time I do something private, I'm REALLY just betting that technology to look into the arbitrary past won't ever be developed.  Because if it is ever invented, game over, man, game over!  People will be able to look at any moment in history!
 Folks will know all of my embarrassing little SECRETS.
Utahraptor: Actually, T-Rex, there's been a few stories written on that theme: Asimov and Clarke both wrote one!
 Okay YEAH I read them!  All I'm saying is it just takes this tech to be developed ONCE, at any point in the future, and my privacy is pooched.  Friggin' dudes watching me poop 20,000 years in the future.
 Some people do not cherish awkward moments as I do. Lukily for them, I have come up with a solution!
 The solution, as in most things, is smooching!
 Awkward moments are awkward because nobody knows what to do or say. But if you swoop in for a kiss, it's no longer an awkward moment! You've avoided it entirely by transitioning it into a moment of "OH GREAT WHAT THE HACK NOW I HAVE TO SLAP THIS PERSON FOR THEIR UNWANTED ADVANCES&quot; or even a moment of &quot;OH GREAT WHAT THE HECK NOW THEY LOVE ME TOO&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: I feel like you haven't thought this out, T-Rex.
 wHAT?
 Seriously? Can you teach me?
 with - words?
 Nobody even noticed how I made my examples of the awkward moment kiss gender neutral!
 It's so you can imagine a man slapping a woman after an unwanted kiss, and then you get to examine your ideas of gender roles and heteronormativity
 I would like to have an inclined treadmill, so that I could build an indoor skateboarding track.  Am I that crazy?
 Am I that crazy... TO DREAM?
 The idea is that it's like a moving sidewalk, but the speed is computer controlled!  So you hop on your skateboard and get on the track, and within a few moments the speed of the treadmill is exactly matching the speed your board would otherwise be travelling at!  You're not moving, but the board FEELS like it's travelling at speed.
 The slogan will be, "Yes.  You can skateboard in your apartment in winter.&quot;
 Sure!
 But can you imagine how fun it would be, to have that sensation of movement indoors, while not actually moving?
 Here's a solution to that!  DON'T FALL DOWN??
 Oh yeah, NOBODY is gonna want to buy the TERMINAL VELOCITY SKATEBOARD SIMULATOR.
 EXTREME! !
 Okay, so whatever. MAYBE the Terminal Velocity Skateboard Simulator would never reach terminal velocity, since there's no wind resistance. But do we not have an obligation to future generations to make sure??
 Whatever! If I were in the future and I could open up a book and see "The awesome terminal velocity skateboard didn't work, OH WELL&quot;, then I would do that.
Dromiceiomimus: I don't think you would, T-Rex! Because you could basically do that today, if you wanted to read up on the physics. The issue is that even with the ground moving, the board is going to slide down the ramp because of gravity.
 Ridiculous! There's friction in the wheels that -
 FINE. You know what? FINE. I'm done dreaming!
{{In T-Rex's thoughts.}} Bathroom symbol for women: t-rex we symbolically represent sexy babes who forgot our clothes today! wooo!
 Okay, NOW I'm done dreaming.
{{In T-Rex's thoughts.}} Bathroom symbol for women: we're still here woooo
 Guys! Guys!
 I came up with a way to get my skateboard treadmill to work!
 All I need is a treadmill that tilts!
 That way, rather than relying on friction and stuff to manage the position of the skateboarder, I can just tilt the incline up or down in order to keep them in the right position. Then, hey presto, it works and physics is happy! FOR ONCE.
 Alternatively, I could have a giant fan, like the kind used in skydiving simulators, and use air to help keep the skateboarder where I want him to be.
 It's true!
 And I realized: if I do have this giant fan, it'll be way more fun to use it OFFENSIVELY than it'd be to simulate skating indoors. So anyway, I bought the fan, installed it on my house and now I blow enemies off my lawn.
 Utahraptor. It's so awesome.
 Attention, enemies!
 Why not come onto my lawn for a second
 Wouldn't it be great if people didn't need to be happy?
 YES.  Yes it probably would!
 I mean, I get that depression (UNhappiness) has a host of issues associated with it, but what I'm describing is more Ahappiness - the ability to not need happiness at all!  Happiness is this - this FUEL that we need to function in society, but it doesn't last forever, and then we need to find more.  It's like food, only it's drained every time we have to do something sucky!  Also, you can't buy happiness at a grocery store.  I'm sorry, Safeway, but you just CAN'T.
 But what if I removed that desire for happiness?  What if instead of feeding the world, I simply killed hunger?
Utahraptor: T-Rex!
 "Do this?&quot; Utahraptor, do you seriously think I'd explain my masterstroke if there was the slightest chance of you affecting it's outcome?
 I did it thirty-five minutes ago.
 Hah, just kidding!  I tried to come up with a way to suppress happiness, but I'm not HAPPY with the results yet.
 BAH DUM DUM CHING??
 It turns out my "ahappiness&quot; idea is actually pretty close to the Buddhist idea of transcending desire! I HAVE INDEPENDENTLY INVENTED BUDDHISM.
 Nice!
 That's one for the ol' resume, eh Dromiceiomimus? "Independently invented Buddhism.&quot; Put that down next to &quot;Received props from a bear&quot;, &quot;High-fived a bear&quot;, and &quot;Has a driver's license that suggests my middle name is 'Commander Punchy'.&quot;
 Who could forget?
 My friend, I sure do!
 It's my Emergency Resume, used only in situations in which I really really want the job. If it's a regular old job it gets the regular old resume, but if it's a really good job, I bust out the "E.R.&quot;
 Hasn't failed me yet!
Off-panel speaker: I'm sorry, T-Rex, but we feel you're not the best qualified application for this position.
 But have you examined Appendix A of my resume, in whice there is an amazingly sweet HOLOGRAPHIC Batman sicker?
 Before I used to dread the "what are you doing with your life&quot; question, but not anymore!  This is because I've decided what I'm doing with my life: creating SHAKESPEARE VIDEO GAMES.
 Could this TRULY be the greatest calling ever?
 And I already have tons of ideas, like "Richard the Third the Game&quot;!  In the introductory thematic you trade your kingdom for a horse, and then you spend the rest of the game riding around your old kingdom on a horse.
 With stealth elements!  Your horse isn't very good, and so sometimes you're embarrassed about your horse, and then you have to sneak around.
 I know I do!
 No, that's dumb.  The ice level is called "Oh, no!  King Richard The Third Has Chilly Pants.&quot;
 Look, I'm going to prototype it tonight, so by this time tomorrow, we'll see what's what.
 So, Utahraptor!  What do you think?
 It's as far as I got before it was too awesome!
 My Richard The Third The Video Game is going to be FANTASTIC.
 All I need to do is program it!
 Um, APPARENTLY, programming is for folks who are thrilled when a computer reminds them they're missing a bracket or semicolon?  It must be, because they make that happen SO OFTEN.
 I CAN'T EVEN GET RICHARD THE THIRD TO MOVE.  You know what my game is now?  My game is NIBBLES, with the text changed from "Copyright Microsoft 1990&quot; to &quot;man, forget this&quot;
 I know that!
 I just thought it was a skill I could pick up easily.  I don't need to know everything! I don't need to know the difference between friggin' binary and B+ search trees!  ALL I WANT TO KNOW is how to make Richard III's sucky horse do double jumps, you know?
Utahraptor: You've got to learn to crawl before you can run, T-Rex.
 Hey, here's a tip!
 Crawling sucks!
 I have a problem. I have come into possession of a pin from the 1935 Nuremberg Rally, and I really don't know what to do with it. Hitler's face is on the pin. It's a Nazi pin! *I* have a Nazi pin!
 This is not good news for Team T-Rex!
 I'm trapped! I can't just throw it out, because it's History. But there's no way I'm selling it, either: I don't want to profit from, um, NAZIS, and I wouldn't want to sell to anyone who'd be interested in buying it anyway.
 My grandfather died a few months ago and I was given this part of his estate. He found it after the war, in the rafters of a house he bought!
 Man! I don't want to go through life as a Nazi pin guy!
 To whom? "Hi! You seem like a woman who appreciates her Nazi memorabilia&quot;? No, I can't just pass this off on someone else: it just shifts these issues onto them. I've got to handle this myself.
 I'll think of something!
 What if I started wearing it under a shirt when I go out? That way, if I got hit by a car, the discovery of the pin will ENTIRELY OVERSHADOW anything I've ever accomplished in my life!
 No, that - that only makes things worse.
  So the Utahraptor's playing Science to my Religion, eh?
  This means war!
  Science will wither in the face of my sense of community and sharing!
  How can Science hope to compete with my gifts of enlightenment and hope?  I bring nothing less than inner peace!
  What?!
  Oh my God!
  Science has all the answers AGAIN!
  So the Utahraptor's playing Science to my Religion, eh?
  This means war!
  Science will wither in the face of my sense of community and sharing!
  How can Science hope to compete with my gifts of enlightenment and hope?  I bring nothing less than inner peace!
  What?!
  Oh my God!
  Science has all the answers AGAIN!
 I have a new problem.  Now I have come into possession of several kilograms of Nazi memorabilia!
 It - it came in the mail?
 Somehow word got out that I'm a Nazi Pin Guy and now I have everyone else's Nazi pins.  And flags.  And uniforms and boots and chapeaus.  I basically have a WWII Re-Enactment Society in my basement, Dromiceiomimus.  BUT ONLY FOR ONE SIDE.
 I wish I knew why
Utahraptor: Give it to a museum, T-Rex! They'll take it!
 That's a great idea!
 My pin was too common to interest a museum, but the rest of this stuff COULD be given away like that!
 Wow, all I have to do is follow your advice, and all my problems are solved!
 Oh, I'm sorry, did I accidentally hire a PLAN CRITICIZER?  I thought I was hiring a Reverse Pickpocket!
 Ted's so great. I just want to hang out with him all day long!
 It's like hanging out with a computer friend, only he has emotions! Well, I guess it's MORE like hanging out with a regular friend, only when he says "Pass me a bowl of fruit&quot; it comes out as a monotonic &quot;Pass me a boal of frui-it&quot;. What's not to like?
 What he has, Dromiceiomimus, is a gift! The gift is labelled "best accent ever&quot;.
Utahraptor: Whoah, hold the front page! T-Rex is fetishizing the other!
 I'm NOT.
 UTAHRAPTOR. His speaking voice sounds like a text-to-speech synthesizer. That is awesome! That is objectively awesome.
Utahraptor: I dunno - I still think you fetishize the other, T-Rex! What do you think, Mr. Tusks?
 Mr. Tusks!!
 this smile is because I'm always happy to see you, not for your conversational betrayal!
 How come car bumpers aren't all at the same height on cars? It's dumb that they're not. The whole point of bumpers is to cushion bumps, but if they don't meet, then they only serve as Impact Hasteners.
 I could say this is one situation in which the free market fails! But I won't!
 I can already see where that would go: a discussion of how style sells cars and bumpers are subject to that, but how government controls could legislate that all bumpers be a standard height, thereby saving lives. THEN, we could segue into internationalization problems with how foreign car makers might not want to redesign their cars for only our market, but we still need cars, so hey, let's talk corporate control over our national interests! AND SO ON.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, this is BORING. Let's talk about something interesting, like the vacuum robot I bought!
 Oh, wow! AGREED!
 Wow! You taught it to recognize me?
 I have come up with the ultimate disaster movie! It is called "OH GOSH: A SERIES OF DISASTERS&quot; and what happens is a guy gets out of bed, stubs his toe and says,
 "Oh, GOSH!&quot;
 Then he falls down the stairs!
 Then he smashes through a load-bearing beam at the bottom and his house collapses! And then a spark from a broken lamp ignites the gas, and his house explodes, shooting the guy out into the sky and lighting the surrounding houses on fire. By the time the fire department arrives the entire block is aflame, and also, their fire truck is on fire. Then the fire reaches a power station, causes a cascade failure, and power goes down for the enitre country, and soon, the world!
 The guys in charge of preventing that were watching the fires on TV!
 Anyway, things progress and characters keep saying "What is with this... Series of Disasters?&quot; It's so good, Utahraptor. Volcanoes erupt, earthquakes strike, and meteors hit just as soon as all the other stuff gets boring.
 Yes, but after the credits, the original guy wakes up and says "Whew! It was all a dream!&quot; Then he gets out of bed, STUBS HIS TOE, turns to the camera in terror, wide-eyed, and screams &quot;Oh GOSSSSSH!!!&quot;
 Holy crap. There's nothing not to like in my movie.
 Normally people have trouble with sequels after their first idea is so, and I'll say it, so transcendentally brilliant. But not me! I have ideas for basically infinite sequels.
 Basically infinite out-of-genre cover sequels, that is!
 When my explosion-centric disaster movie comes out and people want more, I will say to them, "No, ACTUALLY, you want the same thing, but this time, as a gross-out comedy!&quot;
 Hah! PRECISELY. And it keeps happening throughout the film. The power goes out, and nationwide, folks slip on the lube.
 EVEN BETTER.
 Some TEENS go out on a road trip and unwittingly stay just ahead of all the destruction! You can see it in the background of some of the shots, but they never notice...because they are all too busy learning about friendship!
 A western! A loner cowboy, caught between wilderness and civilization, enters the nation and tries to stop the disasters!
 No. He shoots a lot of guys while failing to stop it, though!
 "There is a showdown between a cowboy and a volcano.&quot;
 THE AMAZING STORY OF EDWARD S. CURTIS. Edward S. Curtis was a photographer of American Indians in the early 1900s! I know he was tough because his middle name was "Sheriff&quot;.
 For most of his life he documented the disappearing "great race&quot; of the Indian!
 He took over 40 thousand photographs - not bad for one guy! And in many cases, his records are the only recorded history we've got. But what's amazing about Curtis is that he specifically set out to record the doomed people his culture imagined Indians to be: the noble savage, the Indian that was alien, stoic, exotic and dying.
 And when he met Indians that DIDN'T meet his expectations, he just changed them for his photographs.
 Man, he carried boxes of "Indian&quot; clothing and wigs with him: ethnic signifiers for his subjects if they didn't look Indian enough! And his Indian was clean-shaven, so he'd pay men to shave.
 Yep! I think it's amazing how we've still got this idea of the Indian that we look for. If there's no headdress we're disappointed!
Utahraptor: Only if we're RACIST, T-Rex.
 That's what I'm saying!
 Everybody's friggin' racist!
 Gwen Stefani is not a holla back girl!  This is her shit, and it is recognized as bananas.
 Bananas is spelt, "b-a-n-a-n-a-s&quot;.
 The narrator can't help himself and wants you, and nobody else.  You are aware of this.  Despite (or because) of this, you, Sugarpie, Honeybunch, left a picture of yourself in his possession, and he kissed it one thousand times.
 Marilyn Monroe wants to be loved and kissed by you.  She has no greater aspirations and is filled with desire to make you her own.
 Boop-boop-a-doop.
 The Beach Boys... well, it seems the Beach Boys wish they were older, living together, and sleeping with each other.
 They describe such a scenario as "nice&quot;!
 Other scenarios they describe as "nice&quot; include all five Beach Boys waking up together, spending the day together, and then holding each other close. They also wish their kisses were neverending, as that would be nice, and they wish they were all married, they'd be happy. &quot;Wouldn't [that] be nice?&quot;, they ask each other in the chorus, largely rhetorically.
Utahraptor: They're talking to a GIRL, T-Rex, not each other!
 So heteronormative!
 Listen, if there's a group of people on stage and they start out throwing out "wouldn't it be nice if WE were older&quot;s, I don't imagine a hypothetical female third party! I look at THEM.
 That is an audience member baby, acting as a SCRIBE.
 After moving in together, the Beach Boys take a trip to Surf City, where there's two women for every man!
 It's difficult to reconcile the events in this song with established Beach Boys canon
 What?  What?
 Okay, um: There was a young man who would yell, That we all had a story to tell, Feelings in his bones Said to find a home From the Queen of England to the hounds of hell!
 I know, right?  Go me!
 It's fun!
 Okay, honestly, who wants to hear about Nazi pins?
 And INSTEAD, who wants to hear me sing the classic rock power ballad "Total Eclipse of the Heart&quot;, while SIMULTANEOUSLY transforming the chorus into one focused on NAUGHTY LIMERICKS??
 Um
 You only get one vote, UTAHRAPTOR
 You know the trope in cartoons where there's a "help wanted&quot; sign, and the unemployed hero will go into the store and take the sign down, because he's SO SURE he'll get the job?
 But then the boss hates him so much that he LITERALLY kicks him out and then slaps the sign back up?
 I wish that happened more in real life.
 *sigh*
Utahraptor: T-Rex! There's a store downtown with a help wanted sign up!
 So?
 Yes! You're right, this IS my chance! I forgot about it untill now!
 Oh man oh man!
 Guess what, mom? I got a job I don't want as a florist today, entirely by accident!
T-Rex's Mom: How come this sort of stuff happens to you, T-Rex?
 MOM
 It's because I am trying to live in CARTOONS.
 Stupid Science, thinking it has all the answers to all the questions!
 Wait! That's it!
 I can win this by asking the big questions, the important unanswerable questions that science doesn't have an answer to!
 "Why are we here?&quot; &quot;What is our purpose?&quot; - that sort of thing!
 Shut up!
 You know, you can't answer any important questions! You can say something to "How?&quot;, but nothing to &quot;Why?&quot;!
 Yes! That's exactly why we have religion!
 That's easy!
[[an empty speech bubble is emanating from T-Rex's mouth]]
Narrator: Writing in your own response, based off the teachings of whatever religion you fancy! Have fun, but remember: the T-Rex doesn't like to swear!
 A lot of people seem to have trouble separating actors from their roles. 
 But not me!
 I'm different from everyone else. I get that Bruce Willis might not be that useful if terrorists take over an office tower Christmas party!
Deomiceiomimus: Come on, T-Rex. You suspect he'd be good to have around. If you were choosing your members for your "taking down terrorists while dying hard&quot; team, you've pick Bruce first.
 Nope. He'd have to earn it! We'd do sports or something to see.
 I really don't!
 I won't say that I'm "better&quot; for having this skill of &quot;actor separation&quot;, but it's a skill I have that makes me better.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, there's Ben Affleck. Do you have anything to say to him?
 BEN I QUESTION YOUR ACTING ABILITY! IF WE WERE ALL FRIENDS, I AM CERTAIN YOU WOULD BE "THE IRRITATING ONE&quot;!
 Oh my gosh, Utahraptor! I concede your point!
 Okay, so let's say I sleep 8 hours a day: that's 16 hours a day I'm awake.
 And let's say I'm knocked unconscious for, on average, 2 hours a year!
 That takes into account times I hit my head on low-hanging chandeliers, and times when enemies punch my head. Okay, so that's, what - 243 days of consciousness a year? 66% of the year. I've had almost 18 years of consciousness since I was born.
 I should have done more by now!
Utahraptor: Why haven't you cured cancer yet, T-Rex? What is the friggin' hold up?
 Exactly!
 Cancer's a bad example because I'm so far from being a doctor, but what HAVE I done with my mind, with my brainpower? I've had, effectively, 18 full years, uninterrupted without sleep, to think about the world's problems! And I've solved ZERO of them.
 Man, I STILL haven't solved any world issues! This is like a mid-life crisis, except it's been ongoing since I was six!
T-Rex's Lady Friend: This is the worst first date I've ever been on.
 AW CRAP I'M NOT MARRIED YET EITHER??
 Hah, I sure did describe ninja turtles as being neat! Splinter taught them to be ninja teams! What's not neat about that?
 HE GAVE THEM THE TOOLS THEY NEEDED FOR LIFE SUCCESS.
 What? No, I never said that! It's not true!!
Dromiceiomimus: Hah hah! "Hey baby, I'm T-Rex! Can *I* kiss your fingertips?&quot;
 I never said that, Dromiceiomimus! You'd better not have quotation marks around that!!
 I'M NOT! This is an unreliable narrator!
 Total sass.
 Oh my God. TOTAL SASS.
 I'm not even 30 years old!
 Maybe "bums&quot; refers to our nation's homeless persons?
 I did and I stand by it!
 Listen, okay, you don't have to be taught how to be a ninja TEEN. If you're a ninja and you're a teen, then you're already being a ninja teen! But working in groups can be a challenge, especially for siblings, and Splinter provided valuable leadership and guidance on that matter and that's what the lyrics are saying. He taught them to be ninja TEAMS.
 EVERYONE IS WRONG BUT ME. 
 And I'll prove it to you! I'll track down Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird and find out, alright? And then you'll all have to apologize to me and say "Oh, T-Rex, I was so wrong! Teamwork is the REAL treasure.&quot; 
 I'm doing it!!
 Peter Laird and Kevin Eastman!
 I must request that you give me a break!
 A lot of folks get tattoos commemorating life experiences they've had.
 Guys!  We can do better!
 I'm going to get tattoos commemorating life experiences I WISH I'd had.  Perhaps a nice banner on my chest that says, "Around the World Race Participant: Giraffe Division!&quot;  Or there could be a picture of me, riding a giraffe, and then the giraffe is straddling the world.
Dromiceiomimus: I don't think you'd fit on a giraffe, T-Rex.
 That's why I'm working in the fanciful medium of the tattoo!
 I know!
 I also thought passive-aggressive tattoos would be fun.  Like instead of a heart that says, "Mom&quot;, a heart that says &quot;Hey MOM thanks for buying me a private island!&quot;  And then when my mom sees it and says &quot;I never bought you that&quot;, I can say &quot;Not yet!&quot; and smile!
 What I want is a to-do list on my hand, only it says "Be awesome&quot; and that's crossed out, and then &quot;Get tattoo&quot; and that's crossed out, and then &quot;Sex up the person reading this&quot;.
 Sir!  I promise nothing!!
 An unreliable narrator is when Shakespeare tells you that his play Hamlet is pretty good, but then at the end Hamlet wakes up and he's on a friggin' bus.
 It's like - oh, it was all a dream and the whole time Hamlet was ACTUALLY snoozing on a bus next to an empty seat the whole time! What the heck, Hamlet? Laertes was the bus driver? This is SO MUCH WORSE than when you were stabbin' dudes and havin' broods.
Dromiceiomimus: Um, Hamlet doesn't actually end like that, T-Rex.
 Pretty certain it does, Dromiceiomimus!
 The stupid "it was all a dream&quot; ending in Hamlet!
 He wakes up and looks around and he catches teh eye of a passenger who looks like Shakespeare? And the Shakespeare guy smiles and winks, The End?
 Don't tell me I'm the only one who made it to the end of Hamlet.
 Shakespeare, Hamlet ACTUALLY ends on a bus, right?
 It's a little thing called a "METAPHOR&quot;, Will. Man! Study literary techniques much??
 I'd like to take the bus, please.
 What are your first impressions of the area?
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I'm really sorry, but I can't do this anymore.  I can't be with someone I can't communicate with.
 Please hand me the customs declaration form.
 I have only personal items.  I have nothing to declare.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.
 This is carry-on baggage.
 May I cash this traveler's check?
 I buy my clothes off the rack.
 I buy my clothes off the rack!!
 Not enough things glow in the dark.
 That's right! I said it!!
 Not enough things glow in the dark, AND, the things that glow in the dark don't glow in the dark for long enough. Even if I had a glow-in-the-dark skull it would only glow for like, two minutes. That is only two kinds of spooky: spookily sucky and spookily DISAPPOINTING.
 All I ever wanted is a plastic skull that lights up in the dark, so that in the dark, everyone can see my spooky plastic skull!
Utahraptor: This sounds like a battery problem, T-Rex!
 Alright, fine, so it's a battery problem!
 I don't need a laptop battery! All I want is a spooky skull, so that when criminals break into my house, they see a grim visage of things to come.
T-Rex (thinking): Oh no! are those criminals breaking into my house?!
T-Rex (thinking): Nooooooooo
 Today is Act Like A T-Rex Day! Everybody!
 Act like me!
 Dromiceiomimus, act like me today, okay? It'll be great. Examine what I'm doing and then try internalizing it, okay?
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I do not celebrate this holiday! I'm actually celebrating Act Like A Dromiceiomimus Day, which happens to fall on the same day.
 WHAT
 Act Like A Dromiceiomimus Day? I have not heard of this holiday!
 But - but...
 (whispering) i'm a dromiceiomimus pretending to be a t-rex
 I SAID
 i'm a dromiceiomimus PRETENDING to be a t-rex
 Shakespeare was a famous writer guy, but we know basically nothing about him!  There's only a handful of times when we know what he was doing on a given day.
 And at other times, there's no record of him for years and years!
 The fact that we have any record of him as a person at all is only due to the fact that he appeared in court a few times as a witness, and that he got married.  Legal records are all we've got!  His interests and tastes, politics and loves "#8212; they all have to be (unreliably) extrapolated from his writing.
 That's true!  I just wish we knew more about the man, you know?
 So let's agree!  If one of us ever get a chance to go back in time, and we run into him, then we'll definitely ask Shakespeare what he was up to.  What he likes, what his interests are "#8212; all the stuff historians wish they had!
 SHAKESPEARE!  OH SHAKESPEARE!  DO YOU KNOW WHERE MY CAR KEYS ARE, SHAKESPEARE
 HEY SHAKESPEARE!
 I DON'T THINK PEOPLE ACTUALLY USED "ALACK&quot; LIKE THAT
 Imagine if we had a beach ball to kick around!
 It would be so much fun!
Imaginary  woo! party!  [[T-Rex is imagining himself holding a beach ball, he looks so happy]]
Imaginary  catch!
Imaginary Utahraptor: ha ha! [[both Utahraptor and T-Rex are being imagined by T-Rex]]
 So! I intend to find a beach ball! Do you know where they are kept?
 Maybe stomping this house will refresh your memory!
 [[Thinks about a beach ball, really excited]]
 Where?
T-Rex [[thought]]: Another rejected overture towards friendship...
T-Rex [[thought]]: I really need to get inside his head!
 Imagine if we had a beach ball to kick around!
 It would be so much fun!
Imaginary  woo! party!  [[T-Rex is imagining himself holding a beach ball, he looks so happy]]
Imaginary  catch!
Imaginary Utahraptor: ha ha! [[both Utahraptor and T-Rex are being imagined by T-Rex]]
 So! I intend to find a beach ball! Do you know where they are kept?
 Maybe stomping this house will refresh your memory!
 [[Thinks about a beach ball, really excited]]
 Where?
T-Rex [[thought]]: Another rejected overture towards friendship...
T-Rex [[thought]]: I really need to get inside his head!
 Stupid Science.
 He thinks he's such hot stuff!
 Just because there are different religions with different opinions on things, he dismisses them all?
 Couldn't they all be describing the same shared desire for an understanding of what's bigger than ourselves?
 You know what Science's problem is?
T-Rex and Utahraptor: You think you have the monopoly on truth!
 We sure have some good times, eh?
 HEY! HEY GOD! HEY
 LOOK AT ME I'M TALKING LIKE YOU
 HEY DROMICEIOMIMUS YOU'D BETTER NOT HAVE ANY SEXY FUN TIMES BECAUSE I'M GOD AND I DON'T LIKE THAT
 I GET JEALOUS OR SOMETHING I DON'T KNOW
 HEY UTAHRAPTOR
 UTAHRAPTOR IT IS BECAUSE WE ARE PRETENDING TO BE GOD
 !
 Guys!  I just had a revelation about God!  For serious!
 God is all-knowing and all-seeing, right?  So it follows - THROUGH LOGIC - that... that...
 That God has to be the biggest fanboy ever!  Who knows more about every Star Trek episode than God?  Who knows more about each and every comic, anime and manga series EVER CONCEIVED than God?  He's like this ultimate obsessive fanboy nerd!
Utahraptor: He even knows everything about VIDEO GAMES, T-Rex.
 *gasp* You're right!
 He has encyclopaedic knowledge about every RPG, MMORPG, FPS, RTS, TBS and IF game every made!
 God, are you the biggest nerd?
 Second-place in last month's Sassy-Assy Competition!
 Today is a good day I think to reminisce about the past!
 Okay! Here I go!
 DANA was totally flirting with me!
 Hah! I can't believe I didn't see it at the time. I can't believe I didn't see it until now!
 I went to University with her. She said at the time that she found me handsome, and I said that it was "probably just her own ideas of attractiveness interacting with my own personality and unchangeable genetics.&quot;
 What the heck, past me?
 I guess I was young and believed no woman could ever find me attractive of her own volition!
 But what a nice realization to finally have though, right? Perhaps where were DOZENS of women flirting with me in the past, yet unnoticed!
 What you suggest in jest, I will do with conviction!
T-Rex (thinking): Okay... Katherine - no. Muriel - nope. Ermeswindis - yes! Yes! Wait... no. No. Man, thanks for nothing, ERMESWINDIS.
T-Rex (thinking): I still think your name's rad though
 Today is a good day I think for talking about my love...
 ...my love of George Clooney, that is!!
 I love him! I think he's great. He was good in the medical comedy"E/R&quot;, the medical drama &quot;ER&quot;, and was not the worst Batman from the original movie arc!
 Hah! I would say that I might have a touch of Cloonacy!!
 Did you know that he was named a "messenger of peace&quot; by the United Nations, Utahraptor?
 Yep! AND, he was given the title of "Sexiest man alive&quot; by People Magazine TWICE.
 I know, right? Sometimes I worry I like George Clooney TOO much, but then I realize: there's no such thing as too much love for George Clooney!!
 I have Chloomydia
 "Now they show you how detergents take out bloodstains - a pretty violent image there! I think if you've got a T-shirt with a bloodstain all over it...&quot;
 "... maybe laundry isn't your biggest problem!&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: Come on, T-Rex. That's plagiarized. That's a Jerry Seinfeld joke.
 I know, I know! But he's a funny guy, right? And I was thinking: maybe if I told his jokes, I could get inside his head and understand how he comes up with them. Act like Seinfeld in order to become Seinfeld, you know?
 It's really not meant to be!
 INCIDENTALLY, Utahraptor, somebody just gave me a shower radio! Do I really want music in the shower? I guess there's no better place to dance than a slick surface next to a glass door.
 Come on! It's the exact same joke!!
Thank you all for listening today. I'm told to always go out on a joke, so here's a classic Seinfeld gag for you: "Newman!&quot;
 Wait, no. "Newman.&quot;
 "NEWMAN.&quot;
 Yes. There it is!
 I don't live near trees!
 That's ASTRONOMICALLY unlikely!
 Man! My enemies SUCK.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: If they ened up inside our stomachs, we could eat anything we want and not get fatter!!
 Frig! I think I missed my bus!
 BEFORE we had dictionaries, words could be spelt in a variety of different ways. Now that we have dictionaries, spellings are fixed.
 This I accept!
 It speeds up reading AND comprehension, and spelling errors give editors "easy points&quot; when looking for something to edit.  FINE.  But we've lost the ability to encode the way words are spoken: the pronunciation and accents of a speaker!  We can get a little of that back through capitalization and creative! punctuation! but still - it's hard in text to tell an Australian from an American, assuming they're both speaking English.
 The result of this is a proliferation of stereotypes!
 Well, say I'm writing a story about Australian Batman and I want to show people that Batman's Australian now. Spelling means I can't rely on his accent, so I'm forced to have him call people "mate&quot; and grimly refer to &quot;shrimps&quot; placed upon &quot;barbies&quot;. It's the only way!
Batman: T-Rex! Just put me in a Crocodile Dundee hat!!
[[Batman in T-Rex thought bubble]]
 Attention, everyone: stop misusing "literally&quot;!
 The word still has meaning, okay?
 It is not a generic intensifier!
 If you say that you were so hungry that you literally ate a horse, I want to see evidence that some horse lover is cheezed off at you.  Similarly, if you say that you literally ate your heart out, the I want to be talking to a corpse.  Or someone with distributed hearts.  I don't know.
Dromiceiomimus: I'm not sure if one guy can change the way language is used, T-Rex!
 I am going to try!!
 And I'm doing it by bringing back "figuratively&quot;.
 Exactly!  I'm figuratively sick of intensifiers.  What I want are DEintensifiers: words that make it clear that while something might sound amazing, it's actually just being used in a metaphorical sense!
 THAT's more like it!
 Yes! Unbridled optimism appears to be the order of the day!
 Nice!
 Excellent! Go, circulatory system!
 Keep on not suffering catastrophic failures!
 I love it when that doesn't happen!
 Hah! Wow, I - I don't even know what form that would take.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: But at least it hasn't happened yet!!
 Wait a minute, that brain one is ambiguous! Do you mean my brain might NOT stop functioning, or that it might CONTINUE to function in an undiagnosable way?
 Okay
 Everyone knows I look forward to being an old man - that I covet the societal get out of jail free card that being old gives you! People will say, "Oh, don't mind T-Rex! He always pees on his neighbour's flowers.&quot;
 "But it's because he's OLD.&quot;
 But I think my issue is that while I can see myself now (young, vibrant, effervescent) and imagine myself when I'm old (crotchety, petulant, charmingly belligerent), I don't see any in-between stages. The day I start going around with a walker is the day I finally become an old man, and that sucks! That means I'm old as soon as my body's old, and it's way too late to fully enjoy it then.
 It is now my stated intention!!
 And I'm going to start it by calling everyone "my boy&quot;. How's it going, my boy?
 My boy, when you're my age, you get to call all sorts of things all sorts of things!
 My boy, my boy, my boy.
 Myyy boyyyyyyyy
 Comics are words or images juxtaposed in deliberate sequence!
 Let's see! Hours of unpaid labour, heavy lifting, getting to see all your laundry...
 No thanks, Chuckles!
 Tableau vivant, or "tableau&quot; is a form of theatre in which the actors strike a pose and then don't move! It's like a living picture. It is, in fact, French for &quot;living picture&quot;.
 And I am the kind of tableau, my friends! Check it out:
 ...TABLEAU!
Utahraptor: Um, you're not supposed to speak during tableau, T-Rex!
 Beg pardon?
 Huh. Interesting.
 Anyway. I'm still the best at tableau.
 TABLEAU!
 {{thought bubble}} I must keep the other actors from discovering my secret to excellent tableau.
 {{thought bubble}} It's a very competitive business.
 Students! Are you having trouble writing essays? Maybe they're a little short?
 Maybe just a little?
 Well then, here are some friggin' tips!!
 Okay, so everyone knows about making margins wide and using a big font, but teachers know that one too. They see it and they think "Come on, you can do better,&quot; and then they uncap their red pens and write &quot;You could use some friggin' tips!&quot; all over your cover page.
 Nope! But that's because *I* happen to use a little friggin' thing called "tips&quot;!
 Prepare yourself to be friggin' fipped, my friend!
 Well then!
 It looks like YOU'VE got the wrong friggin' guy!!
 Man, I don't need that acting job anyway! I can get by on my good looks and charm ANYWAY, and "essay writing tips&quot; are easy.
 Easy!
 For example, here's a tip! Maybe you could try understanding the topic at hand and expressing your views on it in a clear yet persuasive manner?
 Dromieciomimus! I am shocked!!
 What? For reals?
 What, you were The Mighty Thor?
 Hello, radio call in show? Did you know Utahraptor abused the word "very&quot; in all his essays?
 Okay but did you not hear the rest of my question though?
 Yes! This will be handy for me, because people is sometimes wrong!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, all I'm saying is that i can be just as "manly&quot; as I am now if I don't go &quot;extreme baseball skydiving&quot; with you.
 Hey, have you see the movie "Boy! Is Dromiceiomimus Ever Wrong.&quot;?
 It's, uh "#8211;
 It's pretty convincing
 That sounds like a GREAT idea! Now I'll be backing away from you with my arms held up in a "don't shoot&quot; position.
 I like it when commercials license pop songs and then make up their own product centric lyrics.  It's a window into an alternate corporate-controlled universe!
 An alternate corporate controlled universe where all songwriters have brain damage?
 The lyrics are always so terrible and the songs entirely arbitrary.  It's like - it's like they license "Candle in the Wind&quot; and then have some Elton John sound-alike singing &quot;Goodbye, Norma Jeane / Did you ever / Use Duracell / They make some fine batteries / On this we all should dwell&quot;
 It's so representative!
 Sure!  Um... how about -
 "Someone's Sara-Lee branded / cherry pie / makes me glad that I've heard that / they're now in high supply&quot;
 It's not that hard!  You just imagine being good, and then don't do that.
 Man, *I* did WAY better than that!!
 Man, who hasn't written a story about a Man With A Problem for a while? Is it me?
 I'm pretty sure the answer is "YES!&quot;
 So my new story will be about a man whose problem is he weeps all the time. He's not sad, his eyes just produce water like it's going out of style. And he tells everyone that it's just a biological thing and he's very happy to see them, but they all suspect he's sad. They say "Are you alright?&quot; and he says &quot;YES dammit I just got leaky eyes.&quot; Then he locks his weeping eyes with them and says &quot;What's for dinner?&quot;
 No man, he's nice! He just weeps all the time.
 I'm going to use it to explore PREJUDICE. What's it like to be a man of tears in a world where most men don't even like to cry at weddings? He faces a lot of preconceptions.
 Sometimes, in his most private moments - the tears are real.
 I don't know, self! I still kinda suspect that this sucks!
 It turns out there actually is a disease where you cry all of the time! Dacryorrhea! I made it up, but it already exists.
 This is not the first time this has happened!
 There's TONS of horrible diseases that sound like they're just made up by somebody, but actually do exist. Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva, in which connective tissue becomes bone, freezing a person in place! The Capgras delusion, in which loved ones appear to be replaced by identical imposters! And these are just the two I know about. 
 And THEN, there's the diseases that are familiar because they're so common, but still messed up!
 Man, Alzheimer's? I mean, I know this disease has always been an issue for me, but it's so terrible. And honestly, it sounds like something out of bad fiction. It's ridiculous on the same level as "always cries&quot;. It shouldn't happen.
 God, how come we live in a world where these awful diseases exist?
 Man! These two questions better not have the same answer!!
  Here are some more things that can go wrong with your body!  Hypochondriacs:  YOU ALREADY HAVE EVERY ONE OF THESE DISEASES!  There is no room for doubt!!
  First disease: fatal familial insomnia!
  This is basically what it sounds like:  fatal insomnia.  First you have trouble sleeping, then you can't sleep at all, then you go demented and then you die.  
  PERHAPS!!
  Man, they could inherit it!
  Sheep can't punch.
  Oooh, what's this, a sheep?  What are you going to do, PUNCH ME?
 A few months ago I said I wanted to be a stand-up comedian.  It turns out it's a lot of work?
 But guys!  I still totally want to be a stand-up comedian!
  So I've been doing RESEARCH.  I've been going to Comedy Club after Komedy Klub and figuring out how their performers make jokes.  It's easy to duplicate the bad comedians, but it's hard to figure out the good ones!
  Comedy relies on surprise, I think!  There's a twist that makes a joke funny, and I haven't figured out a generative algorithm yet.
  Then come with me tonight:  we'll go to a show!
  Man!  How do those guys do it?  Every comedian up there was HILARIOUS and I don't know why.  Especially the Triceratops.
  I just can't figure out these...these Dinosaur Comics.
  What?
  You know what?  It's really weird when you say that.
 Yes!
 Oh no you didn't!
 We don't need people hearing that the DEVIL HIMSELF is now claiming credit for GTA IV. Oh my goodness, that's just what "video game watchdogs&quot; want. They're just realizing it now as I'm saying this, but in their heart of hearts they want the Devil to stand up and claim credit for GTA IV. I'm not letting you do that!!
 Baloney! You don't even have a console that can run it.
 The Devil is claiming credit for GTA IV. He wants to undermine the entire gaming industry.
 This stops here! Admit you had nothing to do with GTAIV, The Devil!
 Now admit that you had everything to do with people saying "utilize&quot; when they could just say &quot;use&quot;.
 Today is a good day I think to become a famous author!
 To that end, I will write a novel!
 It will be about a young man who wakes up one morning to find himself transformed into a giant insect-like creature!
 I will call my book, "The Metamorphazoid&quot;.
 The story ends when the young man, whom I shall call "Gregory&quot;, dies, scorned by his family and loved ones!
Utahraptor: T-Rex!
 Do you mean to imply that I've plagiarized it, good sir?
 Why, what cheek!
 I have a Problem as a reader, as a Consumer of Fictional and Non-Fictional Worlds. My problem is this:
 I really don't think dreams are important?
 I didn't think that MOST people thought that dreams were all that important, but I must be in a minority, because I keep seeing fiction that uses dreams as very significant symbolism. And the worst is when stories end on these significant Dreams, because in my mind, I'm thinking "This is ridiculous; when will we get back to the real story? This is entirely irrelevant.&quot; and then it's over and I think &quot;Oh. Huh.&quot;
 I can't. Nor do I want to!
 They're random firings of sleepy brains.They're stupid stuff that my brain does to entertain itself when I'm not around to make it look at chicks or punches.
 Never!!
T-Rex's story: Hamlet II dreamed he was the lead singer of C+C Music Factory. He woke up. "C+C Music Factory?&quot; he thought shaking his head. &quot;How irrelevant.&quot; He then focused himself on the seriously erotic business of being Hamlet II.
 There! Sex AND politics!
 Writing fiction certainly isn't hard.  Not when you have tips!
 Right.  Not when you have friggin' tips!
 Sometimes it can be hard to name characters.  Here's a tip: name them after other, more famous characters, and add in some Roman numerals!  If you want to show that a character is tough, name him Genghis II.  If your character is this big lover guy who has fallen for, um, a 14-year-old, call him "Romeo IV&quot;!  Hey presto!  Suddenly your characters write themselves!
 Are you kidding?
 ATTENTION, EVERYONE!  Genghis II punched Romeo IV on the nose!
 Um... Genghis II and Romeo IV decide... to take you all to the fair!
 When I die, nobody say "he's at peace now&quot;, okay?  I'm so serious right now.
 Say something better, like "I can't believe he ate the whole thing!&quot;
 It's demeaning!  It suggests that the whole point of life is to be at peace, like it's this goal that we should all achieve, and I'M kind of a screw up but at least I achieved it by dying!  It's like telling the kids who came in last in a three-legged race that the REAL goal was just to finish.
 Oh.  Well.  That makes more sense.
 Did you at least like my comparison of life to a three-legged race?
 Wow.  That's - that's true.
 *sigh*
Mr. Tusks: Hullo T-Rex!  Can I ask you a question?  It won't take a minute.
 Oh, Mr. Tusks!  Your delightful minute (as in time) and minute (as in tiny) pun has cheered me right up!!
 I really don't understand racism.  I get it at a "hey, here's what it is&quot; level, but I don't understand how someone can really BE racist.  Don't they feel kind of... ridiculous?
 Anyway!  With this in mind, I am going to become totally racist!!
 But in order to keep my friends and Status in Society, I am going to be fake racist.  I'm going to be racist against folks who - who say "y'all&quot;.
Dromiceiomimus: That's still an identifiable group of society, T-Rex!
 TRUE.  Plus I too say "y'all&quot; when the situation demands it of me.  Okay, I'm racist against people who... wear running shoes to the opera?
 FINE. NO I DON'T.
 Look, the whole point was to experience prejudice from the inside.  I just need a safe racism!
 That's genetic!  Utahraptor!  That's the worst fake racism yet!!
 Okay.  Everyone, pick a number between one and ten!
 HEY.  HEY.
 NO PROMISES
 WHAT IS THE DEAL WITH MY ANKLE.
 HOLY CRAP.
Dromiceiomimus: Maybe you should go see a doctor, T-Rex!
 Dromiceiomimus, you have stumbled upon my shameful secret!  I- I don't have a family doctor!
 Utahraptor!  It's so awesome!
 I mean, my ankle still hurts, but I was looking up doctors in the area and there's so many that have awesome names.  There's a Doctor Plumber!  And a Doctor Dinner!  A Doctor SENSIBLE.
 Um, the best one of them all???
 Dr. Doctor, what's the latest on my ankle?
 Dr. Doctor!
 I like your name
 The problem with Superman, and Spider-Man, AND Batman, and pretty much every other superhero, is that their stories don't have ends. They're all stuck in the same productive age range, 20-30 years old, and it's easy to see why!
 Companies don't want their most popular characters dying of old age!
 But the result is that their stories don't have ENDS. We don't know how Batman deals with a failing body and the rigours of old age, how Spider-Man reacts when Mary Jane loses her looks. I mean, we DO, because sometimes out-of-continuity stories explore this, but they're never for real - they don't count! Bats is always 30 again in the next story. It's like David fights Goliath, but they keep fighting every few issues for 50 years, and you never see how it ends.
 How so?
 So Batman dies, and the book focuses on his butler Alfred working for Spider-Man instead!
[[T-Rex's thought bubble:
 Gentlemen, gentlemen!! Please!]]
 YES.
 I've come up with a great way to make any otherwise-flattering compliment totally creepy. It's so easy!
 You just have to follow it up with "I like that in a woman&quot;!
 An example! Dromiceiomimus, you've got a very pretty body!
 Now compare and contrast: Dromiceiomimus, you've got a very pretty body! I like that in a woman.
 There's one way to find out, my friend!
 Utahraptor, you're a friendly guy. I like that in a woman.
 Wait, hold on; I think I know how to fix this. Utahraptor, you're pretty gay! I like that in a man.
 Wait.  Huh?
 Your honour, you seem very competent! I like that in a woman.
 Are you trying to be... um, everything that I like in a woman?
 Ah, the age-old debate! Horses are okay.
 If you don't have any trains around, that is!!
 Horses eat grass. Trains are huge multi-ton machines that GET THINGS DONE. And then when you think trains are as great as it gets, you discover maglev trains! These are literal HOVERTRAINS that wrote in their diaries, "Screw it, diary! I'm just gonna go as fast as I can from now on!!&quot; and then they go 581 km/h like it's no big deal. NICE. Horses eat grass, and SOMETIMES, hop over buckets.
 Come on, that's dumb!
 I like trains because they're big complicated machines that NOT ONLY get folks places quickly, but also, threaten maidens tied to the tracks by mustachio-twirling villains. If horses could do that I would like horses too. 
 WELL THEN. I GUESS I'M A FAN OF HORSES.
 EXCUSE ME LIBRARIAN DO YOU HAVE ANY BOOKS ON HORSES
 THANK YOU PRETTY SURE ONE WILL SUFFICE
 Everyone!
 Let's pretend the Earth is going to explode at midnight tonight!
 I know, right? Who are you going to hang out with? If you try to reach a single person who's far away, it means you can't visit people closer to you that maybe, cumulatively, you like more!
 Yeah, I guess I am!
 Well, Utahraptor, the planet is exploding at the end of the day. Anything you wish you'd done before you die?
 Personally, I'M going to eat a lot of junk food, since who cares about heart disease now? NOT ME!
 man, SCREW heart disease
 Man, who is the dude who dropped his wallet in the toilet last night? WAS IT ME?
 DEFINITELY NOT.
Dromiceiomimus: Hey, T-Rex, did you drop your wallet in my -
 You've got the wrong guy, my friend!
 I've got my wallet right here!
 I -
 Aw man! There's probably pee on it!
 Today is a good day I think for sharing secrets!
 Hey Dromiceiomimus, want to know a secret?
Alright, but you have to promise not to tell anyone!
 Ok, my secret is that I stole the Utahraptor's couch last night! Don't tell him, alright?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, have you seen my couch? It's gone missing!
 Oh?
Utahraptor: Yes, and there were T-Rex prints all over my shag carpet.
 Well, ah, heh-
 You see, the thing is...
 um
 Can I let you in on a secret?
 There are not enough internet acronyms. If I want to speak entirely in internet acronyms like LOL and ROFL -
 - WHICH I DO -
 - then my emotions are limited only to the crudest of feelings! I can laugh out loud or I can roll on (the) floor laughing, but what if I'm chuckling? What if I have a condescending smirk that fades into a distant smile of recognition? What if I want to communicate the nostalgia you have for an old girlfriend when you're dating someone who's way better, but you still miss her sometimes? IS THERE AN ACRONYM FOR THAT, INTERNET??
 Immogebeaner?
 Huh! Is there one for, like, groups of people who draw pictures of kinky sex?
 WIKIPEDIA! Oh my God! has it stood for that all along?
 Hah! Awesome!
 ...Why didn't they just say so?
 Earlier today my nose was like, "Hey, T-Rex! I'm gonna leak blood for no reason!&quot; and I was all &quot;...Awesome?&quot;
 And as it turns out... it is not that awesome?
 And it seems I bled all over my pillow during the night, and then when I woke up my face AND sheets were covered in blood!
 Not really! It was disturbing until I realized what happened, and then it was still kinda disturbing, but in a "I wish I slept with someone on a regular basis because they'd be so FREAKED OUT by this&quot; kinda way.
 But, I don't!
 Don't sleep with someone on a regular basis. Anyway, what's new with you? I'm talking about my nose that leaks blood.
 Sweet!
 uh
 Can I come over and -
 ...bleed my nose on it?
 Oh man. The heart pounding out-of-the-chest "I'm in love&quot; reaction shot!
 Second ONLY to the "I'm so angry my head is now a steamwhistle, toot toot&quot; motif.
 If I had three wishes - and the wishes had to be about cartoon stereotypes being real, I guess - then those are the two I'd choose.  The third one would be "no falling when running off cliffs unless you look down and notice you're running on air&quot;, because that, my friends, would be HANDY.
 Free bridges for the strong-willed!
 Which one's that?
 Hilarious!! Plus, it offers some resistance to machine gun fire.
 I'm cold-blooded!  Check it and see. 
 My body temperature matches the environment's to within a small degree! 
 I'm cold-blooded! 
Utahraptor: No you're not, T-Rex! 
 UTAHRAPTOR. 
 Well!  That settles that! 
 Now on to my next topic of conversation!  When people say "I want you inside of me,&quot; isn't that weird? 
 I - I think it's weird. 
 *sigh*
 I don't want to be a police officer, and the reason is simple!
 I would end up hating everyone!
 Not only would I meet rapists and murderers KINDA OFTEN, I GUESS, but I'd also regularly see domestic violence, petty crime, people being mean to each other, chicks and dudes who punch each other in the head with knives this time, and so on. Not cool! After seeing that day in and day out, I would start to suspect that everyone sucks and has a case of the ILLEGAL CRAZIES. I'd lose my optimism and faith in the world!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, this is basically the spotlight fallacy!
 You think so?
 Well, to be fair, Benny's a pedophile, and he's on the internet. ISN'T THAT RIGHT, BENNY??
 Benny, look, you gotta find a better name for that.
 You know those suicide barriers that are placed on some bridges? They're usually things like closely-spaced metal wires going up and running the length of the bridge, to prevent folks from hopping over the edge.
 They freak me right the heck out!
 They're such a crazy symbol for our society! We have them there because if we didn't, MEMBERS OF OUR COMMUNITY would kill themselves. We need physical barriers to stop this from happening. If you look at it as a benchmark for our society, it's so weird! We have to change our environment to make it difficult to off ourselves, otherwise we'd all be committing suicide? What are we doing wrong?
 Sure!
 But even so, if suicidal folks really want to kill themselves, these barriers won't stop them. They'll just go somewhere else.
 These are symptoms! We should be working on the causes!
 To convert to Islam, all you have to do is say a few words, called the "Shahadah&quot;. And then, hey presto, you're a Muslim!
 THIS KNOWLEDGE MAKES ME FEEL CRAZY.
 A new religion is just a few words away! Dromiceiomimus! I feel the same craziness I would feel if I discovered that, I don't know - I could change my GENDER by just reciting a sentence or so. Crazy with POWER!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, T-Rex, the whole point is that you say these words with conviction and understanding and honestly accept their meaning. It's not like -
 I know, I know. IT'S NOT LIKE SUMMONING BEETLEJUICE.
 And yet, I still feel like I've discovered the ability to summon Beetlejuice!
 Yeah! It blows my mind that there's a phrase you have to say. There's TESTS to become Jewish, and you can be Buddhist just by saying so. But Islam is right in the middle! No tests, just a magic phrase!
Utahraptor: I'm not sure you're the best person to have this knowledge, T-Rex! Also, don't call it a "magic phrase&quot;.
 Excuse me! Uh, do Muslims have to pay sales taxes here?
 What about people who hear God tell them to "lose a few pounds, chubbs&quot;?
 I've been writing a romance novel!
 Or more precisely, I've been sucking SURPRISINGLY HARD at writing a romance novel!
 It's terrible, Dromiceiomimus! All my life I was certain that explosions could spice up ANY narrative, but I've been blowing my main characters up ALL THE TIME and they're still not that interesting! Check this out: "Antonio Tony and Samantha were explosive-expert friends who decided one day to try kissing each other. It wasn't that bad! Later on, one of them decided that it was actually pretty bad.&quot;
THE END?
 How do you figure?
 Oh kay!
T-Rex's Story: Samantha was a cowgirl, always on the lookout for a SPUR-of-the-moment marriage. Antonio Tony was a horse enthusiast. "I hope to be SADDLED with a wife soon!&quot; he thought to himself. They waved wildly at each other across the open plains.
 Utahraptor, come quick! My story's amazing!!
 In some comics when a character is confused, rather than saying anything in particular, they just say a question mark.
 I love that shit!
 I mean, I love that STUFF. I love that they have the ability to be so confused that the only response is a question mark, the essence of pure confusion. Sometimes they also speak with the essence of pure exclamation, and at others, with the essence of pure ellipsis.
 Anyway, this is a skill I've developed in real life!
 Check it out, buddy!
 questionmark!
 Hold on, I can do this! Okay.
 $
 Oh my God!! I'd never actually pulled it off before! That was amazing!
 $$$$$
 I wonder if there is an essential "feminine&quot;, one that transcends histories and cultures?
 Similarly, could I myself be the essential "masculine&quot;?
 Why, I believe I could! What am I besides the real, true essence of "male-ness&quot;, the invariable and fixed properties which define masculine for now and forever?
 I sure am great!
 Truly, I am the epitome of the male form!
Dromiceiomimus: I think it's pretty clear, T-Rex, that I am the epitome of the male form.
 "Pipes&quot; means &quot;muscles&quot;, right?
 That's slang, right?
 Slang of today's youth culture?
 Guys!  My romance novel still has a terminal case of the totally sucks!
 I'm thinking, maybe I have no business writing romantical-like stories?
 I've got CHARACTERS but no spark.  They're not falling in love with each other!  They're staring at each other across open plains in the sunset, but when they finally meet up they shake hands cordially. THEN, after a lengthy silence, they inquire about the weather.  How do people friggin' fall in love!?
 I tried that!
 I ended up with EROTICA, Utahraptor.  And I felt very off sitting there, writing about two imaginary people THAT I MADE UP having sex with each other.
 Then there can't be sexy times at all.  That's not a bad idea!
 Okay, I am writing ROMANCE here.  No sex!
 ...Alright.  I'll use that as the title.
 BUT THAT'S IT!
 Today is a good day I think for assuming that there's such thing as a soul!
 Assumption: assumed!
 And given this assumption, and the assumption that people care about exploring the idea of a soul, we can easily cast ghosts and zombies as the investigation of the soul-having experience that they are. For what are ghosts, but souls without a body? And what are zombies, but bodies without a soul?
 In summary and in conclusion, ghosts and zombies allow us to explore the intricacies of soul (and body!) ownership.
 It's easy!
 As people with bodies AND assumed souls, we find the idea of divorcing one from the other terrifying; therefore, the only way we can explore the consequences of these is through the lens of horror. Tada!
 Utahraptor, you were right!! I met a zombie ghost! He wanted to eat brains but his teeth passed right through brains!!
 I would describe him as "pretty frustrated&quot;
 Today is a good day I think for helping folks grappling with grief from the loss of a loved one!
 That's right!
 Leave it to me to totally solve your emotional problems!
 There are many kinds of grief, so I've focused on a particular flavour. When, say, a big meteor hits a dude square on the head and kills him, that's sad. HOWEVER, at the same time, it's also extremely amazing and awesome. It can be hard to reconcile these two, conflicting, emotions.
 I propose a new word!
 And have you noticed how it ALWAYS WORKS?
 Today I propose a word meaning "extremely sad, but also extremely amazing&quot;. It can be hard to pull off that emotion; you don't want people thinking you're TOO into how amazing it was. But if you say, &quot;I'm very [my new word] right now&quot;, everyone understands! Grief has become easier to navigate!
 I call my new word "sawesome&quot;!
 Like sad and awesome?
 Someone dropped an arrow out of a plane and it nailed my friend in the eye and it was extremely sawesome?
 Guess who has thier first nightmare EVER last night? If you guessed me, then HELLS YES that was the correct guess!
 A bunch of us were hanging out in a house, some went outside, and then a nuclear bomb was dropped in the distance and we could see a mushroom cloud in the sky. I ran to the door to close it and pressed up against it as the windows in the house blew inward and radioactive dust covered us all. THEN, after it was quier and we ventured outside, I ran into my friends who surved, but we all agreed we'd had too much radiation and wouldn't make it. It was really realistic!
 I know! I was stoked!
 But then these - stupid atomic zombies showed up? And they started zapping us with cheap-ass lightning bolts coming otu of thier eyes? It was super dumb, Urahraptor. It was that cheap 60s lightning where they just draw it directly on the film
T-Rex and Utahraptor: Zombies don't even have lightning powers!
 The REAL nightmare was how poorly my subconscious understands zombies!
 That as well.
 Someone thinks my email address belongs to somebody else!  They keep sending me pictures of their newborn baby, addressed to one "Ren? Wellek&quot;.  As such, I HAVE BECOME REN? WELLEK.
 The course of my life has now been set!
 Normally when this happens, I write back the sender and let them know they've got the wrong address, but this time is different.  They sent me four separate sets of baby pictures, covering the first four days of her life!  I've already seen this baby grow up four days!  I have a RELATIONSHIP with her now, and I've decided: I'm in for the long haul.
 Nope!
 I've become their silent friend Ren?, watching this baby grow up over the years.  I'll see her first steps!  Her first birthday!  And in 18 or so years, I'll have tears in my eyes as my computer pings and her high school grad pictures download into my inbox...
Utahraptor: Little creepy, T-Rex!
 Okay, here's the news: I am not your friend Ren? but I am just as good.  My name is T-Rex and I am a good role model.  I brush my teeth regularly and when I forget to I tell myself to try HARDER.  Basically, what I am saying here is "I am a stranger on the internet who has taken a particular interest in your child&quot;
 Perfect!
 I wonder what things would be like if I could READ MY FRIEND'S THOUGHTS??
 Thanks, God! I totally noticed!
 There's no way you could know what punctuation I was using! There's NO WAY.
 Still! Impossible!
 God knowing if I put the apostrophe in the wrong place in homophonic spoken language!!
 I CREATED THE SENTENCE. IT'S FINE.
T-Rex [thinks]: Secretly, I did punctuate that sentence improperly!
T-Rex [thinks]: Forget you, man!
T-Rex [thinks]: Aghglug glag ghag
 I am Matthew Broderick: computer hacker!
 And I've accidentally wardialed my way into a secret military computer that I mistake for a game developer's machine.  I believe I will play this mysterious game called "GLOBAL THERMONUCLEAR WAR&quot;
 Kay!  Incidentally, I use an acoustic coupler as a modem, and that's so retro it's cool again.
 Holy smokes!
 No worries!  I will teach it the MADness of its actions through zillions of tied games of Tic-Tac-Toe!
 Oh my God.  I love this movie.
 When I was younger, I went to the dentist a lot. MAYBE I DIDN'T BRUSH MY TEETH THAT WELL, OKAY? OR THAT OFTEN, OR AT ALL.
 Oh well?
 But I remember sitting there when I was sixteen or so, with some stranger's fingers in my mouth as he scraped away at my teeth and thinking "MAN, this is a sucky time! I wish I had something to distract me. I bet if I'd had sex, then I could think about sex, and that would be distracting. Hey! I should have sex! It'll make visits to the dentist easier.&quot;
 Later, I had sex! Later still, I went back to the dentist.
 But it didn't work. The situation was so unerotic, and I was terrified of becoming visibly aroused!
 No! I mean, it wasn't the reason! That was just an added bonus!
 It made it even MORE special
 In fascism, one person is in control of an entire country, and he tells everyone else what to do! He is the guy who is micromanaging his zergs or whatever.
 Maybe this is not so bad?
Dromiceiomimus: It is so bad, T-Rex! Fascism is bad news!!
 I mean, YES it is, but what if the one guy KNEW what everyone should be doing? What if he was actually the best person to be in charge of the country?
 But WHAT IF he recognized that and let those people be free?
 Exactly! Yes!
 Oh! I don't like THOSE parts. Well, I guess I don't want to be fascist after all!
 What's that, Dromiceiomimus?
 You're asking, "How much of someone's personality is determined by their body?&quot;
 Well, Dromiceiomimus, that IS an interesting question!  A few years ago I would have said "none&quot;, but now I'm not so sure!  In a way, our bodies do affect who we are: if you've got a strong body, you can be a different person than someone in a weaker body.  Trivially, a weak-bodied person wouldn't make a good bully!
 And Utahraptor, you're suggesting that not all strong people are bullies?
 Well, Utahraptor, I'll agree with you, and clarify that it's a necessary but not a sufficient condition.  Bodies affect the life experiences possible, and therefore personality!  And while you're questioning my premise of "nature over nurture&quot; I'll clarify that I'm simply saying that someone in a weak body can't be a very effective bully!
 Man, NOBODY calls me anymore
 Today I'm going to play by my own rules!
 And luckily for me, these rules clearly stipulate that I can stomp on whatever I want!
 Playing by my own rules is fun!
 Why, I think I'll play by my own rules from now on!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you can't "play by your own rules&quot; every day! That's nothing more than a catchy way to describe nihilism!
 Nihilism?
 Oh yeah!
 And I was all, "my apocalyptic tenor has not been dispelled&quot;?
 If I ever turn into a werewolf, I would DEFINITELY donate my still-living body to science!  The reason is simple: I Care About Science.
 Guys!  The advances would be incredible!
 I'd have a body that would CHANGE SHAPE in response to the light of a full moon.  That's insane!  If we could harness the powers of my sweet-ass hairy body, the advances would be incredible!  We could lose fat and build muscle instantly!  We could restore broken limbs!  WE COULD HELP BALD MEN NOT BE BALD ANYMORE, IF THAT IS WHAT THEY WANTED.  Plastic surgeons would be out of a job!
 Part of the research would be extending the effects 24/7!
 It would be a utopia, Utahraptor!  All we need is for one werewolf to be brave enough to let science experiment on him, and then we can ALL get a little of the sweet blood fever!
 They should do it too.
Mr. Tusks: Hullo, T-Rex!  I dressed up as a werewolf wearing a stethoscope to try to cheer you up!
 Oh, Mr. Tusks!  I should call the police.  You're so cute it's illegal!
Mr. Tusks: T-Rex I am also a vice mayor
 Recently I have discovered something that disturbs me! My savings account is now less negligible than before, and yet - I kinda want some money?
 This is not the person I thought I was!
 When I was a kid I always thought that as long as I had enough money to live without fear of poverty, I'd be fine. But now - I'm treating money like Life Points"#8482;. I want the high score, and I want the scoreboard to say &quot;TRX&quot; at the top, right above &quot;USA&quot; and &quot;ASS&quot;.
 But what?
 Oh God. Listen, I want something more like "Number of Enemies That Said 'I Wish I Wasn't T-Rex's Enemy Anymore', Frig&quot;. In fact, that's perfect.
 Oh! People say that's bad, right? Do you, um, remember any reasons why, off the top of your head?
 Look, are any sayings about how it's WORSE than living for money?
 Oh my God! It's him! I'm sure of it. It's totally him!
 It's the guy who picks up and spins Will Smith in the credits to "The Fresh Prince of Bell-Air&quot;!
 There's no way it's anyone else. Oh my God, Dromiceiomimus, do I go up and say "Hi&quot;?
 But he probably gets that all the time. I don't want to come across as a fan! I should strike up a conversation and then mention all casually that I like his work, but that I'm not a "fan&quot; or anything. But that might be insulting! I'll - I'll just admire him from a distance.
 Screw it!! I'm gonna talk to him, right now!
 Utahraptor! It's the guy who spins Will Smith at the start of every Fresh Prince!
 Yep!! And I'm going to walk over there and talk to him right now!
 Utahraptor! He says spinning Will Smith every week was his favourite part of the show! He said they wanted to reuse footage but he kept volunteering to do it "fresh&quot;!
 He goes on to say that he regrets the pun, but it's the most appropriate word?
 When people sign a prenuptial agreement, they agree, BEFORE they get married, how to divide up the assets in the event of a divorce!
 What gets me is the whole conflict in them: the position of "I love you and want to spend the rest of my life with you&quot;, with the caveat of &quot;Oh, baby, but just in case&quot;. I understand on a PRACTICAL level about how prenups are - practical, but on the level of love, I don't see how you're allowd to hedge your bets when it comes to marriage! I thought marriage was the ultimate expression of love.
 That's it exactly! Love with an asterisk.
Utahraptor: Well, honestly, T-Rex, I think that it's INCREDIBLY presumptuous of you to say that.
 I know. I know! That's what bothers me about it! Who am I to comment on someone else's marriage? And yet, I feel compelled to comment on tons of someone else's marriages!
 Hey Mom! You know about the prenup you got when you and dad got married?
 I, um -
 I got opinions
 Maybe I have been too hard on prenups. In a sense, they're sort of a Love Validater, right?
 Because if you have a prenup that says, "Wow, NOBODY'S getting rich off this marriage&quot;, then it's clear that nobody's getting married for the money. The only reason left is love!
 Or love! The prenup is a way of announcing AND VERIFYING that you love them for Who They Are, not for what they've got in their pants! In their wallet in their pants. It was a great metaphor, Dromiceiomimus.
 Really!
 Huh! Maybe the best way to learn about prenups is to get one. Oh my gosh, Utahraptor!! Let's get a "friendship prenup&quot;!
 It says "Utahraptor! Don't steal my comics, UTAHRAPTOR.&quot; Then there's a drawing of him stealing my comics, with an x through it!
 A LAWYER drew it for me.
 Hey God! Quick question: how long can I live without water?
 SERIOUSLY?
 That's a bunch of BALONEY!
 I'm never more than a week away from death! Worse than that: I'm never more than a friggin' WORK week away from death! Baloney!
 TWO DAYS?! That's terrible! That's entirely terrible. Listen, life is stupid and I'm going to stockpile water.
 Yeah but the remaining 30%? THIRSTY CHUMPS.
 I didn't know I had a sliding two-day death window then! People can go WEEKS without food! Months! Two days without water is ridiculous.
 AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH
 Life is too friggin' fragile! And when I say "life&quot;, I mean life in general, but really, I mean my life in particular.
 Too. Friggin'. Fragile!
 I'm a big guy, so I eat a lot - WHICH IS FINE, except that it increases the chance that I starve to death! And if I'm smaller I eat less, but I also face jerks trying to eat me! And if I'm a single cell, nobody's going out of their way to eat me, but I can die if the host I'm in dies or the stream drives up or whatever.
 Man, that too!!
 In summary, life is too fragile and I describe that as "sucks ahoy&quot;!
Utahraptor: Maybe you should give up your ego here, T-Rex!
 Um, because that's a metaphor that doesn't stop me from being food poisoned to death??
 Your honour, if I steal, I get a few years in jail. If I murder, I get a LIFETIME in jail. But if I forget to eat for a few days or breathe for a few minutes, I DIE FOREVER?
 The punishment does not seem to fit the crime here!
 It's awesome! It was about a dog who didn't have super powers, and then one day, he got some super powers.
 Now everyone thinks MY dog has super powers!
 I don't know at what point we all decided that authors aren't allowed to just make things up anymore, but it's totally what's happened to me! Somehow our fictions have all become real, and "write what you know&quot; is the only creative option.
 Well, they think he's so great he INSPIRED the super powers. He's actually just - really angry?
 But that's the thing! Even if I write about something implausible, folks assume there's a real-life inspiration!
Utahraptor: Come on, T-Rex!
 Yes! Like "The Day I Was EXTRA Nice To The Homeless&quot;!
 Aw craps.
 Today is a good day I think for fixing my life! I'll do it by putting out a new, less controversial book: "LOLITA III: This Time, She's 30&quot;.
 Nobody can argue with that!!
 In my story there's a new Lolita, and she's thirty, and she goes out with a man who's also thirty and from a similar economic and social background! They get married and have some okay times. Years later, all the characters die of old age!
 I could make some changes! But did you notice how everyone was clearly of the age of majority though?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, your new book is basically terrible!
 *gasp*
 He shows up again in the epilogue! Utahraptor! You didn't even finish my book!
 At the end, Loheta addresses the reader directly and explains that if you replace "she&quot; with &quot;he&quot; and &quot;hers&quot; with &quot;definitely his&quot; in the ORIGINAL Lolita, you can read all about his adventures!
 It's called "setting up a spinoff&quot;; look it up?
 You know what I'm tired of feeling?
 Pain!
 (Emotions too.)
 But seriously, guys! Why do we need pain?
 It hurts!
 And you can't turn it off. It's like a phone that won't stop ringing whenever I'm hurt, and when I answer it, it's always friggin' Pain calling and he won't get off the line. I say "Yeah, I get it Pain, I stubbed my toe.&quot; and he says &quot;Yeah, it still hurts like a bitch. Can I say bitch? It really hurts, T-Rex&quot;, and I say &quot;Look, Pain. I know.&quot; and he stays on the line and I say &quot;Pain, you've gotta find other people to call. You've got to get other hobbies.&quot;
 I'd prefer looking down and seeing that my toe is stubbed to, um, EXCRUCIATING PAIN.
 Uh NO, I didn't say I want my LIMBS to fall off. 
 Utahraptor! You were totally a jerk to me just now! And if you're hoping I'm going to shout after you that "Now I wish my HEART couldn't feel pain&quot;, I'm not!
 I'm just thinking it, okay??
 I'm really looking forward to the little soiree I've got lined up for tonight...
 Party at my house!!
 Hey, are you still in for tonight?
Dromiceiomimus: I'm sorry T-Rex, but something came up. But say "hi&quot; to everyone for me!
 Oh, that's too bad. Well, some other time!
Utahraptor: I'm totally pumped for the party tonight, T-Rex!
 Great!
 The only downside is that the Dromiceiomimus won't be able to come.
 SHIT! She was!
 Why do all my parties always turn into one big Oktoberfest?
 Beer and sausages!
T-Rex (thinking): Hey, it's Utahraptor! Wait - IS that Utahraptor...? Oh my God!  It's... IT'S....
 Dromiceiomimus, you won't believe who I just met!
 FUTURE UTAHRAPTOR! I'm serious, I saw him! He looked like Utahraptor, but he was aged thirty years, and it was the Most Amazing Thing. It couldn't have been anyone else! It was CLEARLY thirty years older Utahraptor.
 Well, I was staring!
 And you noticed it, obviously, but then you turned to me, made eye contact, and nodded with an almost undetectable Mona Lisa smile, just once. It was this amazing nod that said, "Don't worry, T-Rex. Things will be alright. Everything's gonna work out fine.&quot;
 Dear audio diary!
 i miss my friend utahraptor
 What's that, radio?
 Street artists have moved indoors?
 But I have an indoors!!
 Aw man!
 Actually... it's a pretty good likeness?
Utahraptor: T-Rex!! Did you draw yourself in my kitchen giving a thumbs up?
 It wasn't me!
 In fact, someone drew Dromiceiomimus and a house and a car in MY kitchen!
 Let's pay her a visit and find out!
 I've got boner fever!!
 Performative utterances are things that you can say, and hey presto, you've changed your life and the world around you!  You've changed your life with WORDS.  Like the Shahadah, this is insane!  This is totally insane.
 Let's do it!!
 There's simple ones like "I promise to clean your room&quot; (your future is now altered), but there's bigger ones like &quot;I now pronounce you husband and wife&quot;: you weren't married before, and now, oh my God you guys, you're totally married!  And then there's &quot;I hereby christen this ship 'HMS Sinkytowne'&quot; and &quot;I sentence you to death by misadventure&quot;.
 Sure is!!
 Well - 
 Well, I mean... that's just our society?
 Ah well. I'm still glad we invented paper!
  Utahraptor was so wrong about performative utterances yesterday!
  So!  He was so wrong.
  And I only realized it after he left!
  A leader declares war on television, then that's war, regardless of whether he's signed the paperwork yet.  He's changed the world just by talking!  With sentencing it's the same:  the judge tells you your sentence and that's it, and the paperwork is just that - paperwork!  RECORDKEEPING.  And the same for marriages!  The license is just to let the GOVERNMENT know what's already happened.  I was right!  I was totally right!!
Utahraptor:  T-Rex, remember yesterday?  You were totally right!  Fully and completely.
  Aw no!  Seriously?
  You're seriously going to rob me of my Comeuppance Satisfaction by admitting you were wrong before I get to point it out to you?  You're going to be That Guy?
  The guy who does what you're doing!  Argh!  You ARE being that Guy!
  That's another performative!! You're tacitly endorsing their existence!  I'M SECONDS AWAY FROM MY HEAD FADING INTO A CARTOON STEAM WHISTLE AND GOING "TOOT TOOT.&quot;
  I'M ANGRY BUT I THINK IT'S GONNA BE AWESOME
 In the 15th and 16th centuries, spoken English changed dramatically, with vowels changing pronunciation and moving upwards in the mouth. Before it, we all sounded like ye olde-fashioned chumps. Afterwards, we all sounded hip and modern!
 It was a century of kids outcooling their parents!
 Before, "boots&quot; was pronounced &quot;boats&quot;, and &quot;feet&quot; like &quot;fate&quot;. PRETTY OLD FASHIONED, dudes! But what's amazing is that the printing press was invented just before this started, and it was at this point that the spellings of words really got fixed. That's why English has so many oddly-spelt words! They show the pronunciation of words as they were, just before we underwent the Great Vowel Shift and decided to, you know, say everything differently.
 I know! It's so amazing!
 Linguists are like, "Maybe immigration from the Black Death caused regional accents to be absorbed?&quot; and then another says, &quot;Maybe the English wanted to distinguish their language from the hated French?&quot; and then they both shrug at each other!
 I saw it!!
 Hey peasants! Tell all your friends to pronounce "boner&quot; like &quot;bone-air&quot;, okay? It'll make the future HILARIOUS.
 Guys! So not as cool!!
 I have a new life goal: to become a hairdresser!
 Scratch that: to become the BEST HAIRDRESSER EVER!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex, um, you and I don't really have --
 Before you go any further, let me clarify that I'll be a hairdresser for MAMMALS. These guys have ALL SORTS of hair coming out of ALL SORTS of places. I'll trim it and they'll say "Wow, this hair cut has made me a WAY better looking mammal! Thanks for trimming the hair off my head, sweat glands and mammaries!&quot;
Explain!
 Utahraptor! I have nothing BUT strengths!
 Dear Diary!
 My new job is getting... a little hairy.
 The Temple of Artemis was one of the Seven Wonders of the World. It was this really big temple, you guys! But it was burned down. Arson!
 Arsonist's name was Herostratus!
 And the ancient Greeks would be TOTALLY PISSED that I just said that! They were so angry at Herostratus - who freely admitted that he burned down A WONDER OF THE WORLD just because he wanted his name to be remembered - that they not only executed him, but they erased him from history, forbidding anyone from mentioning his name! Under penalty of death!
 Pretty friggin' intense!!
 Nope!
 It turns out you can't make a law saying "dudes nobody say this guy's name anymore okay&quot; without saying his name SOMEWHERE? But, I mean, I understand why they were upset. Kind of a dick move, Herostratus. I want to go down in history, but not for being the world's Suckiest Greek.
Utahraptor: Damn it, T-Rex! All the irony surrounding YOUR friggin' life is now rubbing off on me!
 I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry!!
 Okay, so Herostratus burned down the Temple of Artemis. But what happened to the other wonders of the World? My friends, I ask a bold question: indeed, the boldest. I ask the question shied away from by the greatest minds of our age: 
 Isn't it true that they were ALL destroyed by Herostratus? 
 Earthquakes, huh? Huh. I guess Herostratus wasn't actually a time-travelling, mustachio-twirling, World Wonder destroying villain. Ah well! That's why pencils have erasers, right? 
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, what would you call earthquakes?
 Natural disasters?
 Insurance motivators? Uh, building complicaters? Domino frustraters? Wobbley Times U.S.A.? Um. . . Shakey Shakes Central? 
 Oh my God! God is like Herostratus times -- um, five!
 Maybe because that never happens!
 Computers have gotten way better in recent years. A new computer can beat a moldy old one from twenty years ago!
 FACT.
 Wouldn't it be great if rhetoric had evolved in the same way? I could have this hyper-evolved speaking that could convince anyone to do whatever I say, as long as they didn't have similar rhetorical powers to match! Anyone not inured to my amazing powers of speechifying would be putty in my hands. "Oh, T-Rex, I'm not sure I should do this&quot; they'd say, and then I'd say &quot;Oh maybe you should though&quot; and they'd be all, &quot;Awesome.&quot;
 Rude, my friend!
T-Rex (thinking): The word 'poop' is cool: it's transitive, but only for 'pants'. You can pee your pants too though. Maybe it's the noun 'pants'? Further research certainly seems warranted.
 Maybe I will, Utahraptor! MAYBE I'LL ENJOY POOPING MY PANTS EACH AND EVERY DAY!!
 I've noticed that some songs are quite good at evoking memories and moods. If I listen to a song I haven't listened to since high school, suddenly I am back in high school again!
 METAPHORICALLY.
 So hey, time for an experiment where I am the subject! From now on I'm going to listen to a new song repeatedly over each 3-month period. It'll become indelibly associated with who I am then, and this way when I want to remember what I felt like from July to September inclusive fifteen years ago, I can just listen to the same song again. It'll all come flooding back!
 I know, right?
 If it works, I can go further, also consigning smells and foods to certain periods in my life! I'll be an old man, looking up "first marriage&quot; in my database, and then reaching for a record player and my first bite of Wensleydale in years.
 Aw frig! Someone has mashed up Jay-Z's "Dirt Off Your Shoulder&quot; and the 1-1 theme from Mario 3! Suddenly my current crush and the death of my first dog have become irrevocably mixed!!
 I feel very oddly about dead dogs right now
 I am tired of things not getting done my way.
 Therefore, I am going into politics!
 As a politician, I will have power and influence! Things will get done, and they will get done my way! Finally, I will be the person making all the important decisions!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, we live in a democracy of dinosaurs! You'll have to get elected if you wish to have power!
 I see!
 Will you vote for me?
 Your mom's a librarian?!
 That's AWESOME!
 You know what I don't like?
 Star Trek!
 Only one part of it though!!
 I don't like when they encounter something amazing in Engineering or wherever and call up to the bridge and say "Captain, you'd better get down here.&quot; Explain what it is! THIS IS WHAT PEOPLE DO. I don't call up my friends and say, &quot;Utahraptor, you'd better get down here.&quot; and he ways &quot;Why?&quot; and I say &quot;Oh Utahraptor, if only we had descriptive language; if only I could describe something using my words. But you know as well as I that I can only point and say, lookit.&quot;
 I try, but it's everwhere! Even not on Star Trek!
 The news always says, "Up next: what's in your bathroom that may be trying to kill you!&quot; and then go to commercials. This is psychopathic. I'm the Captain and they don't even want me in Engineering! They want me on the couch for the next three minutes of ads.
 I'M THE CAPTAIN
 In conversations, speakers generally try to make helpful contributions, and listeners generally assume that this is the case! This is called the "cooperative principle&quot;, and philosopher Paul Grice proposed it! He's dead now.
 It's useful because it allows inferred meanings!
 We can be at a party and someone can say "Where's Utahraptor?&quot; and I can say &quot;He's sick&quot; and they understand that he's not here BECAUSE he's sick. Inferred meaning! If they don't assume I'm cooperating then I'm just offering non-relevant information, on the same level as if I answered &quot;Utahraptor's got shufflepants.&quot; and then clarified &quot;They're pants that shuffle when he walks.&quot;
 See?
 The cooperative principle is so ingrained that even when I say non sequiturs, you're looking for a way to read it under the assumption I'm cooperating.
 Yes!
 In this example, I mean. In real life I am a charmer, of course!! Hah! I am loveable and trustworthy and good at conversations!
 ...
 I've had FIVE girlfriends, Utahraptor.
 So Paul Grice went on to clarify his cooperative principle, identifying four maxims describing how people generally communicate. He called these "GRICEAN Maxims&quot;.
 Nice one, Paul Grice!
 He's dead now. These maxims are pretty useful though! There's the Maxim of Quality (don't lie), the maxim of quantity (only say enough to make your point, no more or less), the Maxim of Relation (be relevant) and the Maxim of Manner (be clear, brief, and unambiguous). These are four different different ways we cooperate with each other when communicating!
 Yes!
 And arguably Manner. But by breaking them, I look for a HIDDEN meaning indicated by the flouting of the maxim! "What is so important about your and his lips?&quot; I might ask myself.
 Hah!
 ... What?
 Hah!
 ...Still?
 Okay, time to invent a new superhero! Then I'll make a movie about him, and THEN, I'll be famous! Then I'll also have a lot of disposable income?
 Inventing superheroes: too friggin' hard!
 Every good superhero power is taken. He's invulnerable - oh, there's Superman. Okay, he CAN be hurt, but he recovers: oh, hey Wolverine! Okay, he CAN be hurt, and then, he dies. Oh, Batman's at this party too? Hey Batman.
Dromiceiomimus: Maybe you should focus more on themes instead of powers, T-Rex!
 I tried that, but every theme is taken too!
 Speed theme: check. Spider theme: check! Iron Man theme: TOTALLY CHECKED. There's nothing left!
 I do but listen I really think powers are more interesting.
 He's a Transformer, but he's also biologically human! So he has to deal with THEMES associated with either being a man, or being a soft, warm, fleshy and hairy semi truck filled with blood intestines and lungs.
 TRILOGY PLZ
 ...is totally amazing, you guys! Totally amazing.
 It's a SPARK PLUG that was discovered encased in solid rock!
 So awesome. A spark plug found inside a geode, surrounded by material that would have taken 500,000 years to collect! Is this truly CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE that we will one day visit the distant past, and drop spark plugs in sediment while we're at it? I would argue "Definitely, dudes!&quot;  I would argue that there can be no other explanation and I would argue that it's gonna be great.
Utahraptor: The "Coso Artefact&quot; wasn't found in a geode, T-Rex!
 It wasn't?
 Man. Logical explanations keep letting me down!!
 *gasp*
 Conspiracies!
 If I were impatient, I'd be a jerkier person. I'd always be hurrying people up, and people would not want to hang around me in grocery store lines.
 Furthermore, if I didn't have my sense of humour, chicks would like me less!
 Clearly, my personality is Important! It's why my friends like me. But strokes can change people's personality, and anyone can have one at BASICALLY any time! It's totally ridiculous. My body already has like five ways it can betray me for no reason that I can name off the top of my head, and those ways are called Alzheimer's, Old Age, Respiratory Failure, Heart Attacks, Terminal Boner Fever, and Dementia. IT DOES NOT NEED ANOTHER.
Utahraptor: "Oooh, look at me, I'm T-Rex and I've found another way to be terrified of the future!&quot;
 I'm not!
 I'm terrified of DYING. Totally different.
Utahraptor: Most everyone else gets through life without being terrified of death, T-Rex, and some even look death in the face every day! You should talk to stunt drivers, or like, bear aggravators. You could learn from them!
 Excuse me, stunt driver? Are YOU afraid of death?
 So... yes?
 Two months ago I noticed I had a small case of the chubbs! So I decided to lose some weight, and THEN, I lost the weight. I just ate fewer foods?
 Guys, this is terrible!
 Nobody who's trying to lose weight wants to hear from the guy who shed pounds like they were a Hallowe'en costume... in July, or something. That is to say, "quickly&quot;?
 The point is that dieting is about commiserating, and I'm the guy who shows up to the party saying "guys, it's not hard&quot; and that my secret to weight-loss success is &quot;um, eating less.&quot;
 How?
 Utahraptor, I'm your friend and even I hate you a little just from that sentence.
Off Panel Voice: Hey, T-Rex, looking good! Have you lost weight?
 Yeah! It took a whole lot of diet plans, and... and breakfast shakes?
 That name is totally made up. It was made up by a Scottish Enthusiast.
 I'm just sayin'.
 Anyway, Gregor MacGregor was this explorer guy in the 1800s!
 In 1820 he sailed from the Mosquito Coast of Central America to England, with the news that one of the native kings there had given him 30,000 km2 of land! The land was incredibly fertile, the natives helpful, and he'd already established an army, banks, civil service AND democracy there. You couldn't walk without tripping on the gold nuggets that littered the ground, and MacGregor was selling land grants at a very reasonable rate!!
Utahraptor: You're describing the FICTIONAL nation of Poyais, T-Rex! That was a huge scam!
 It - what?
 It wasn't a book!!
 It was a WIKIPEDIA PAGE that got BORING half-way through.
 I wonder if today is a lovely day to go on a walk!
 Hey!  It IS a lovely day to go on a walk!
 My greatest fear is having superpowers and not realizing it!
 Oh my God, I'm TERRIFIED of missing out.  I might have elevated strength, but I never try to lift a skyscraper over my head, you know?  How would I discover which muscles to flex to make lasers shoot out of my hands?
 Yep!  I'm serious!  It is The Worst Life.
 I don't know I have powers, and over and over again I stand by as everyone close to me gets injured OR WORSE in accidents I could have easily prevented, if only I knew!
 Utahraptor!  When I die I get an award for "Most Opportunities Missed&quot; and nobody claps!!
 ...ummary and in conclusion, that's how "in medias res&quot; works! THE END.
 Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex.
 Utahraptor.
Utahraptor: T-Rex! That's not "in medias res&quot;!!
 Oh yeah? Well I've got a literary technique for YOU, my friend! It's called TELLING OFF UTAHRAPTOR!!
 Shakespeare, add a dinosaur character to Hamlet called "Utahraptor&quot; and have Hamlet tell him off, okay?
 What's that?
 Shakespeare! Take the credit!!
 Today is a good day I think to find God!
 Are you in this house, God? I am looking for you! Come out come out whereever you are! Ready or not, here I come!
 How do you mean?
 Oh, I see what you're saying. I guess that makes sense.
 I can't believe you were hiding behind the couch the entire time!
 It's OVER!
 I've met someone new!
 I hadn't expected the conversation to go this way, but... maybe?
 Vass ess das!
 Ridiculous. What are you going to say? "WE NEED TO BREAK UP ;)&quot;?
 "SORRY IT DIDN'T WORK OUT :O&quot;
 That is kinda hilarious if it's like this big weiner guy doing that!
 You can meet people at sports!
 Beyond me, that is!
Utahraptor: Don't date my siblings, T-Rex!
 FINE
 That's kinda sketch. It can go either way but I think it veers wildly towards Sketchtowne.
 Excuse me, are you "Jennifer Klug&quot;?
 Jennifer - Yes. Do you want a boyfriend who's only a little desperate?
 As a gentleman who is not afraid to say what we're all thinking, I'm going to say what we're all thinking.
 Guys! We totally need a new analogy for sex!
 The one we have now is BROKEN. Sex as hunger? Okay, it works with "sexual appetite&quot; and it works in that you want sex, and then you have sex, and then you're like, man, that's all the sex *I* can handle, and then in a little while you start to get the munchies for sex again. But that's it!
 But it's totally not!
 I can die if I don't get any food, but if I don't get any sex, then I just - keep on keepin' on? Also if I'm hungry, I can't lock myself in a room and satisfy my hunger with my own food that's BASICALLY almost as good as the genuine item.
 Hah hah, ewwwww! Gross!!
 Seriously though, there are problems with the analogy.
 I have begun to receive insulting spam messages: really vitriolic ones!
 Ant there's not even a product to buy!
  It's like - it's this one spammer who got SO PISSED that nobody was enlarging their penis anymore that he just went off the deep end.  And now he's insulting thousands of people per second in the most hateful vile and terrible screeds I've ever read.  So awful!
 Huh?
  I - I assumed it was spam because of all the spelling mistakes and because the guy's name was "Boorishly P. Foundry&quot;!  But - hmm...
  Hey Boorishly!  Your name sounds made up!:
  Hey Boorishly!  WHATEVER
 Guess who had a bike accident yesterday morning! If you guessed "Shit! T-Rex?&quot; you are correct!!
 Also, you shouldn't swear!
 But it was me. I was biking and a dog darted in front of me and I guess it turns out I'm not a guy who will run over a dog! I'll run over a squirrel no problem but I swerve and slam on my brakes and go over the handlebars of my bike to avoid hitting a dog.
 I get them custom made, DROMICEIOMIMUS.
 Yep!
 They're all, um, on my opposite side with now. The side you can't see.
 Hello! I am late for an appointment! Also, I don't have to listen to you!!
 There are no scratches! Alright?
 I - I just...
 I wanted to be the guy that swerved
 Tired of every day being the same as the last?
 Maybe?
 Maybe just a little?
 Then MAYBE you should try my great idea of assigning an emotion to every day of the calendar!!
 For example, January 1st could be "excited&quot;. And then January 2nd could be &quot;elated&quot;. And then January 3rd could be &quot;disgust&quot;.
 No, but it's like - we're aware of it! So it COLOURS the day, and gives us something to look forward to. Every day becomes a holiday! "March 3rd is contentment day!&quot;, we'll say. &quot;I hope it comes soon.&quot;
 I basically have!
 I could only come up with about 20 emotions, but I doubled that by adding "very&quot;. Then I doubled them again by adding &quot;not very&quot; and &quot;inappropriately&quot;. There's - there's more adverbs.
 I'm doing it and it's gonna be great!!
 Today's Awkward Day, eh? God knows I've already got enough of that!
 Hah hah hah
 *sigh*
 Hey, who wants to party? I woke up and I said "I want to party!&quot; and then I gasped because it was BONA FIDE FACTS.
 Is this TRULY the day when everyone else wants to party as well?
 Hey Dromiceiomimus - wanna party??
Dromiceiomimus: I can't, T-Rex! I've got a dentist appointment.
 We can party afterwards!
 UTAHRAPTOR. He'll want to party! That guy parties like it's 1999, a rock star, AND like Marty.
 Man! I even checked with God and he was all "I'M BUSY WITH GOD STUFF BLAH BLAH BLAH HEY I'M TOO IMPORTANT TO COME PARTY WITH MY AWESOME DINOSAUR FRIEND&quot;. Who am I going to party with, the Devil?
 It's - um, I'm not -
 Screw all those guys; I can have a fun time without partying! I can have a fun time doing anything. And I'll prove it!
 I'll have a fun time learning about ACCOUNTING BEST PRACTICES!
 Well Dromiceiomimus, I guess this really just goes to show you: when you spend a few hours reading up on a financial bookkeeping... there's no ACCOUNTING for what you'll learn!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! You just spent hours learning about accounting for a pun!
 I - I guess!
 Hah hah! Awesome!
 What's that? Medical school is actually very hard to get into and you're not going to let me in? I guess I've been... SCHOOLED?
 ... Ah.
 I wonder what someone studying my life for a FUTURE BIOGRAPHY would think about me. What does it mean that I spend so much time doing the things I do?
 And what if they got the analysis wrong?
 What if they saw my interest in smooching as indicative of feelings of sexual inadequacy? What if they see my stepping on houses as symbolic of the way I let my rugged manly heart step on all but the most amusing of emotions it experiences?
 I'm just concerned that after I'm dead, folks will write books about me filled with sass!
 Explain!
 Utahraptor! You realize that you just analyzed my actions today and found meaning in them?
 I'm going to go write "boners ahoy&quot; on a bathroom wall and then you can tell me why, okay?
 Yes! It's about a guy named "Clarke Kente&quot;! His name is CLOSE to Superman's secret identity, but legally and creatively distinct.
 And then in my story Clarke's looking for a girlfriend!
 And then he meets a woman named "Louise Laan&quot; and then they're dating and there's some smooching and romance and it all ends in marriage. The end!
 It's a good story! It's heartwarming and the theme is that, SOMETIMES, people can fall in love. Aww! Everyone loves to be reminded of that!
 Nope! Nobody knows about Superman.
 No, that would be good, but that's not my story. My story is a simple love tale about simple people, with names that are legally and creatively distinct.
 DC Comics, quit hasslin' me! Clarke and Louise and Bruce Swaine are my own characters!
 Listen, if we both pretend we can both get what we want out of this conversation, okay?
 Who can forget the events of July 30, 2215?
 Their significance cannot be overstated.
 As of today, I am officially living in the future!
 That's because as of TODAY, I am the proud owner of a robot!
 His name is Breadmatic 5000 and he's great. His specialty? Baking friggin' bread!
Dromiceiomimus: That's not a robot, T-Rex! That's a standard bread machine.
 He's a robot! He's a robot and he sits on the kitchen counter and when I press the "Breadmatic, I would like some bread tonight&quot; button and then put the ingredients inside him, he turns them into bread. You know how he does it? Through ROBOTICS.
 Robots don't have to be!!
 Breadmatic is a box because that is ROBOTICALLY DETERMINED to be the optimal shape for bread production, okay?
 You live in a bland world of consumer electronics, Utahraptor. I live in a world of robot pals who bake me food!
 Breadmatic, I'm worried! The fact that you're a robot is already coming between me and my non-robot friends!
 Sometimes, Breadmatic, in my most private moments...
 ...sometimes I worry that I won't be enough.
Narrator: by T-Rex
Utahraptor: T-Rex, I read your comic! The one you slipped under my door with the note "FEED BACK PLZ ;)&quot;?
 And?
 I see!
 T-Rex, it's me, T-Rex from the future! Don't let Utahraptor read your comic because he's going to be a dick about it, okay?
T-Rex off-panel: I still say "dick&quot; in the future?
 I'm from like 2 hours in the future, so YEAH
 IT WAS SO TERRIBLE
 Okay, listen, you're not allowed to rewrite my stories anymore. Prostate exam jokes? Seriously? I stopped reading it three panels in.
 It sure did, once I rewrote it extensively!!
T-Rex's comic: TINA, THE DUDE WHO PUNCHED THE FUTURE
T-Rex's comic: Tina is a woman who can Punch The Future. This means that she'd punch somewhere, and then three weeks later you'd walk over there and go "Ow who punched me.&quot; One time she punched a monocle guy who said &quot;Ow, my crotch!&quot; and then he turned around and he said &quot;Ow, my bum!&quot; THE END?
 Today is the day I spend entirely in bed! Is this laziness? No!
 I just want to see if I can do it!
 Nope! And to answer your next question: I HELD IT IN. I held it in, AND THEN, I fell asleep.
 Hey, I figured it was you!
 But I don't have a phone by the bed, so, you know - sorry? As I'm sure you overheard, I couldn't get out of bed because of SELF-EXPERIMENTATION.
 The experiment continues!
 Nothing, MOM
 This is a great comic for if you need to talk to a sucky roommate, but then you're like, "Man! I don't want to talk to a sucky roommate!&quot;
 Attention, sucky roommate!!
 You may be surprised to see this comic lying around. I regret to inform you that it was placed here for a reason! Yes, I'm sorry, sucky roommate, but you are being kind of a sucky roommate.
 Yes! Maybe if you stopped leaving your used-up socks in the kitchen or whatever?
 *gasp*
 He or she isn't!! S/he is jsut a little passive-aggressive. He/she is just tired of picking socks out of the ceral or whatever.
 Um, it's way more fun to print out comics than to deal with interpersonal issues?
 I've always been reluctant to get a tattoo, because what if my tastes change? I don't want to be the guy at 50 with "BETTY AND VERONICA 4 LYFE&quot; tattooed on my back. I mean, right now I kinda do, but I can see that changing in like two seconds.
 But I've come up with a solution!
 The whole problem comes from the fact that tattoos can't be altered, but that's not true! For example, imagine I get a tattoo of a butterfly, and THEN, I realize I wish I'd gotten a tattoo of a flexing guy with guns for eyes instead. All is not lost! I just get a tattoo of a flexing guy using his gun eyes to SHOOT the butterfly, and I'm the coolest! I instantly become the coolest dude.
 Well!
 I acknowledge I have finite room on my body for "the tats&quot;, but I don't think I'm THAT indecisive. Anyway, once I have the Enterprise shooting Batman shooting gun eyes shooting a butterfly, I think I'll be happy. I just - I can't ever see regretting that.
[[Close up of a T-Rex tattoo and an Enterprise tattoo flying out of its mouth, all on an alarmingly green background.]]
 Guys, I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but, well, here we are. I should just say it.
 Bingo is totally suboptimal and inefficient!
 Check it out: replace the caller with a computer, and you make the bingo numbers get called like a billion times faster. Replace the bingo players with other computers, and you speed up the rate at which the game is played. Tie both these innovations together and you can play HUNDREDS of bingo games per second! ONCE AGAIN, something has been made orders of magnitude more efficient by simply replacing all life involved with cold and soulless bingo-playing machines.
 Nope!
 My new, hyper-efficient bingo is basically like putting in your money, pressing a button, and being informed whether or not you've won.
 But that's what slot machines do, and people LINE UP to play them! OH SNAP! IS THIS ANOTHER ARGUMENT WON BY T-REX??
 HEY UTAHRAPTOR! DO YOU REMEMBER THREE DAYS AGO, WHEN I TOTALLY BEAT YOU IN AN ARGUMENT?
 TO BE HONEST
 I'M KINDA LINGERING ON IT
 It turns out there are some regions where my HyperBingo(tm) is played. Neat!
 And it's all thanks to legal loopholes!
 AS IT HAPPENS, in some areas gambling is heavily regulated, but bingo is a special case that isn't. And so companies have built electronic bingo machines, exactly as I envisioned! Whats more, some have used bingo as an engine to power other types of gambling, like poker and slot machines. The game plays a hidden bingo game, and if you get a bingo, your slots will ALWAYS come up as three cherries. It's nuts! Bingo's being used in ways GOD NEVER INTENDED.
 They CHEAT!
 Say you got a quick bingo, and that translates into a royal flush. You're doomed to win! If you throw away all your cards, you're just gonna get dealt the same flush in a new suit. Even if you try to lose, the computer will step in and CHANGE YOUR CARDS, or just make you win the next game.
 Y- yes?
 If you want to know what life on Earth was like yesterday, there's like a billion people you turn to! MORE, probably! Probably more.
 But if you want to know about life 6 million years ago, there's only a handful of fossils!
 And it would be TOTALLY RAD if this record was all really exceptional people. Like if I lived millions of years ago, only I was a mutant with a fully-formed extra hand growing out of the base of my spine! If I was the only specimen from the time, we might conclude that EVERYONE had butt hands then, and that would be provably hilarious. Then I thought: maybe we're already doing this!
 Well, maybe we're doing the opposite!
 Maybe millions of years ago life was awesome and surreal, but only the boring specimens got preserved. Maybe the non-chumps knew to avoid river beds and tar pits! Maybe dragons don't fossilize.
 You know what else it is? Incredibly AWESOME.
 It is impossible to know if my dream came true
 Today is a good day I think for riddles! And hey, look at me!
 I have the perfect riddle memorized right here, in my awesome brain!
 Dromiceiomimus! Which creature goes on four feet in the morning, two feet at noon, and three feet in the evening?
Dromiceiomimus: Its a human, T-Rex. Babies crawl on all fours, then they walk around and then when they're old they use a cane. Come on, that riddle's from Ancient Greece. That riddle is so old-school, the techniques necessary for modern school construction won't be invented for two thousand years.
Huh! People know the riddle of the Sphinx?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, it's most likely the oldest riddle on the planet. Without hyperbole, entire civilizations have risen and fallen since someone first came up with that riddle. IT predates PAPER.
 Well... Patrick Stewart liked it.
Patrick Stewart: T-Rex, your riddle spoke to me personally because I started today on four feet, managed to walk on two feet at noon, and now I'm using three feet!
 Wow, Patrick Stewart!
 I wonder if I'm the only one that feels as if he isn't living up to his own potential?
 As a dinosaur, I mean.
 It's time to live this day... TO THE MAX!
 RARGH! I am getting the most out of destroying this tiny log cabin!
 It's been nice weather too!
 My mouth has a nice fresh taste in it this morning!
 Skin is not too itchy!
 I am looking forward to a gooey feeling beneath my feet! Soon!
 That is the plan!
 Dinosaurs have souls?!
 Believe in yourself, and you can do anything!
 I also enjoy:
 "Wow, that's very good for a first try!&quot;
 and
 "Just do what you think is best!&quot;
 I also like "I do love you... as a friend!&quot;
 What?
 OK then!
 I have filled out change of name forms for Utahraptor!  I have done this because I am a good friend who likes to make surprises.
 From now on, Utahraptor will be known only as "Utahraptore&quot;!
 The added "e&quot; gives him an exotic Spanish flair.  Utahraptore, the fiery outlaw fighting for the repressed, the mysterious man of dark passions!  The man whose smile disarms the men as easily as his rapier disarms the women.  Who is this masked man?  Who is this... this Utahraptore?
 Come on! It Will Be Awesome.
 You'll get a new name and a new reputation AND a new driver's license, and I'll get to say "Oh, him?  He's my mysterious friend, Utahraptore.&quot;  All you need to do is sign!
 Well, frig, this has been a complete waste of a Monday morning!
 Frig, it's actually Tuesday!!
 No way! There's no way. "T-Rex&quot; is a great name and IF I were to change it, it would be to &quot;T-Tex&quot;, and ONLY if I had a guarantee of oversized cowboy hats.
 Utahraptor, the very mention of the name has filled me with UNSTOPPABLE RAGE! I get that you're trying to revenge yourself on me for filling out your Utahraptore name change forms, but the difference was THAT name is awesome. Shortpants is what you call a dog that - that acts like a squirrel or something. And I'VE - Utahraptor?
 Where'd he go?
 Whatever!!
 No. T-Tex or nothing.
 ARGH!
 It's TUESDAY
 A button has popped off of one of my favourite shirts!
 Will NO-ONE sew it back on for me?
 Dromiceiomimus, YOU'RE a good friend!
 Would you sew a button back onto one of my shirts?
Dromiceiomimus: I could, but this is something you should really learn to do for yourself, T-Rex!
 But that's the thing: everyone else has ALREADY learned how to do it, so I'd be needlessly duplicating their efforts if I learned it myself!
 Exactly!
 At the societal level!
 If only 25% of the population learnt button sewing AND everyone had four friends, then we'd expect one friend to do the button sewing when needed, and the remaining three could use that free time to learn something else!
 SOCIETY ADVANCES.
Utahraptor: I'm not sewing your button on either, T-Rex.
 I blame society!!
 A Story about a Man, by T-Rex!
 Once upon a time there was a radical guy!
 He filed his taxes on time, but ONE DAY, the government mailed him and was like, "Dude you need to file taxes for the past five years&quot; and the dude was like &quot;DUDES I ALREADY TOTALLY DID&quot; and the government guy was like &quot;Hah hah, our mistake!&quot; but then their computers kept mailing him threatening &quot;pay your taxes&quot; letters and he felt like the problem would never be fixed and it caused him a lot of stress THE END.
 Absolutely not!
 FICTION.  As a man who is attuned with the world around him, I make up stories that SEEM real, but are actually just lies that I imagined!  It's called "writing&quot;; look it up?
 No sir!
 Yep!  You know what?  I'm not even fully sure what taxes ARE.
 People like different songs because they have different tastes in music. This I concede.
 However!
 I still think there could be One Perfect Song!
 I think someone, some day - let's say, ME - might sit down and write a song that is legitimately great. A song that transcends personal taste and never gets old and is everyone's favorite, without exception. The best of all possible songs. What would the music world be like if there were no longer any chance of anyone else having a number one song - THE number one song? What if everyone was left fighting for second place?
 Really?
 Well! I guess I'd better get to work, huh?
 Man! I miss OLD gangsta rap!
 If you drop something heavy on your foot, your first instinct is likely to scream in pain.
 Dudes and ladies! This is not such a useful reaction!
 Screaming doesn't fix the problem, it just draws attention to your bruisey foot. And when your scream is followed by cursing, THAT just says "My foot hurts now, and I believe this is equivalent to poo.&quot;
 We can do better!
 Anything, man!
 Throw a punch! Yell "Totally intentional, folks!!&quot; Tuck into a spin to deflect any other falling items! ANYTHING's better than the standard &quot;ARGH FRIG OW FRIG.&quot;
 Whatever, man! Bears do it, and everybody likes bears!
 Sometimes i worry that if I were someone else, I wouldn't want to be friends with me.
 Friendship!
 Physical Friendship!
 W-water?
 Why?
 Sorry, Utahraptor, God's hasslin' me. GOD, I said "friendship&quot; at the start of this stupid conversation!!
 Dear audio diary: today I looked crazy and didn't get a lifetime supply of gold or water. I blame monotheism
 HEY! TOO BAD YOU'VE GOT NO OTHER GODS TO COMPLAIN TO, HUH??
 Hey God, you know on Star Trek, when sometimes they go back in time?
 It interferes with my ability to enjoy the show!
 Seriously though. It ruins my suspension of disbelief!
 The issue is they're traveling back in time in an understood, repeatable way: slingshot around the sun! It's just - why wouldn't they do that all the time? When anything bad happens, whenever there's tension and the fate of the galaxy hangs in the balance, I always think, "Well, worst case, they could just go back in time and fix this. I wonder - I wonder why they don't do that.&quot;
 Utahraptor! Exactly!!
 Well, I mean, not EXACTLY. Metaphorically. It was a good metaphor. By "exactly&quot;, I meant to communicate &quot;Utahraptor, that is an exact metaphor.&quot;
 Okay. Good. Alright, I'm going to go back to talking about Star Trek now.
 Attention, everyone!! That was pretty much all I had to say, actually
 You know those guys who have been hiccuping for 70 years or whatever? I'm glad I'm not one of those guys.
 Hiccuping forever is this weird sort of... forced immortality!
Dromiceiomimus: But I thought you were all about going down in history, T-Rex?
 It's true! But on my own terms. I can't control hiccups, so it's really being remembered for something that my body's doing that's really incidental to who I am, you know? Anyone who heard of me would know me as The Hiccup Guy, and it would overshadow anything else I did with my life.
 True!
 But the headlines would still be "Hiccuping Doctor Cures Cancer&quot;. It's too memorable to overlook! I like choosing my OWN destiny.
 Utahraptor, that reference has instantly inspired me to be the best I can possibly be!!
 YES!! YES, LET'S DO THAT! HOLY CRAP!
 Yes! I know what that means...
 Ill-advised hookups!!
 It's the wedding experience! You get some single people together who think life is a race, and then you convince them THROUGH THE MEDIUM OF WEDDING that the only way to avoid coming in dead last is to get married! The result: hookups!
 Hookups of the ill-advised nature!!
Utahraptor: Come on, T-Rex, that's just a stupid stereotype and lame soap opera trope!
 Lame and SEXY
 Utahraptor, guess what?
 I'm still totally gonna be on the lookout for bad hookups!!
 Um, I'm thinking... That a lot of my internal conflict and malaise comes from the tensions between the life I ACTUALLY want to live, and the stories I'd love to be able to tell?
 ...ninety-eight, ninety nine, one hundred!
 Ready or not, here I come!
 Where are you, Utahraptor?  Are you hiding under this house?  Come out, come out, wherever you are!
 No?
 Where could you have gone?
 Are you hiding beneath this woman?  No?
Utahraptor: I found you, T-Rex!
 No, I'm looking for you!
 It's a mystery!
 I am a man who, when he is at an all-you-can-eat restaurant, will restrict what he eats based on his peers. I don't know when to stop, so I rely on the verbal and non-verbal cues of my dining mates to tell me when I'm full!
 I call this condition "Appetite Asperger's&quot;!
 It is a hilarious AND excellent name because people with Appetite Asperger's analyze the behaviour of others while eating and come up with a ruleset for saying when they're full. Just like someone with real Asperger's! Only, instead of applying this to social interaction, I apply it exclusively to knowing when to say "Wow, dudes, I'm full! How about you guys, huh? Pretty full? Oh my gosh, me too!&quot;
Utahraptor: I would've thought you'd call it "T-Rex's condition&quot; or something!
 NORMALLY, I would have!
 But I made a list and I've already got like four or five T-Rex's conditions. Plus, Appetite Asperger's has assonance going for it!
 And I'm STILL not comfortable with the full range of my sexuality, but we all have to make do!!
 That's right, everyone!
 TODAY IS THE DAY I SHARE MORE ABOUT MYSELF THAN MAYBE I WANTED TO
  Done!
  I'll never say!!
  I've read Greek myths, man!  I know you guys are all about SNEAKY TRICKS and IRONY and MORALITY TALES in which dudes get wicked punishment for BASICALLY no reason.  I don't want to be in any noun-based morality tales! Not unless the moral is "T-Rex Is The Best, Holy Cow You Guys.&quot;
  God wants a noun!
  I was accusing him of the whole "ironic punishment&quot; Greek God thing.  But he's not so bad!  I give him a hard time sometimes.
  Hey God!  You want my word?  Here it is!
  "Meritocracy&quot;.
 Wow, that was a terrible movie. Definitely one of the top 50 worst films ever!
 Ridiculous!
 There's still bad movies. Anyway, most "Worst Book Ever&quot; lists have mainly modern entries despite THOUSANDS of years of book history.
 How are you measuring volume? Sure ANCIENT books are lost, but we generate so much text today that it's probably a tiny percentage overall!
 you have to include web sites, emails, spam...
 Well!
 What a terrible movie THAT was. I'd definitely rate it one of the Top 50 Worst Films Of All Time!*
 OH GOD
 So, SOMETIMES, archeologists find things that don't belong in their geological contexts: shells where there were no oceans, that sort of thing. And there's lots of explanations like "maybe an animal ate it and pooped it out, GROSS.&quot;
 But sometimes these objects are found with human remains!
 And when that happens they call it a manuport: something that was carried by hand by ancient dead dudes. Manuports are neat because they show you what ancient dead dudes found interesting! And the most awesome manuport is the oldest one, called the Makapansgat pebble. It dates to 3 million years ago!
Utahraptor: There weren't humans around to carry it 3 million years ago, T-Rex!
 Nope!
 But there were PROTOHUMANS. Australopithecines! And the Makapansgat pebble has this natural "eye eye mouth&quot; face shape on it. A protohuman had enough curiosity and aesthetic sense, 3 MILLION YEARS AGO, to see the face in the rock, and thought it was special enough to carry around with him until he died.
 I think it's beautiful and amazing that millions of years later, another human being dug up the same pebble, recognized the same face, and maybe even for a moment, dreamed the same dreams.
 That's - um, that's beautiful too?
 Me sense of proprioception!
 That's the sense that lets you know where your body parts are at any given time!
 And it's ALSO a sense that gets dulled when you drink, which is why you have trouble touching your nose with your eyes closed in such situations. You're forced to rely on proprioception, and with it dulled, you miss! You poke out your eye with your hand or whatever.
 Proprioception!
 Maybe!
 Oh, it's true! But I messed up. I'd really prefer losing nociception: the sense of pain!
Voice: T-Rex, I'm afraid this accident has robbed you of one of your senses: the sense of what's appropriate in a given social situation!
 yessssss
 A sense of FUTURE sight!  Dudes!
 I could look around and say "In ten minutes it's going to rain!&quot;
 But then the downside is that if I saw a car accident, I'd be duty bound to try to prevent it.  And PLUS, once word got out about my awesome power, whenever I was with my friends and they tripped or whatever, they'd blame me!  They'd sit on the ground rubbing their knee saying "THANKS T-REX&quot; with ultimate sarcasm when THEY were the clumsy chumps!
 Maybe my mouth was full!
 Maybe I was warning someone else to my left!  MAYBE RISK IS PART OF FREEDOM AND BY PROTECTING MY FRIENDS FROM ALL POSSIBLE DANGER I STUNT THEIR GROWTH AND BECOME THE SINGLE GREATEST THREAT TO THEIR OWN SELF-REALIZATION??
 Also, maybe the guy tripping was HITLER.
 That's right, Utahraptor!  I'll say I'm friends with Hitler to win an argument!!
 It is the "Reverse Godwin&quot; and the most powerful debate technique ever?
 Hey, is it FUBSY in here? It feels like it's fubsy in here. Are you wondering what "fubsy&quot; means, God?
 "Short and stout; squat!&quot;
 I was using it incorrectly!
 It's just -- it's such a good word, I wish I had more chances to use it. Would you say you're FUBSY, Dromiceomimus?
Dromiceomimus: I sometimes feel fubsier than most, T-Rex!
 Are we TRULY the fubsiest??
 What?
 FUBS! Oh my goodness. I have to get a dog so I can name him Fubs.
 From now on he's Fubs! His SUBTITLE is The Angriest Dog in the World.
 Aw man, who peed on my couch? I bet it was Fubs!!
 Hah hah hah! "Fubs&quot;.
 It's still good!
 Time for a funny joke, everyone!  Alright?  Alright.
 Okay, so this man gets into a car accident and wraps his car around a telephone pole!
 And there's this passer-by who is, um, passing by, and he happens to see it.  He rushes over to the crumpled car and says "Oh my God, are you okay??&quot; and the guy says &quot;Well, I get by!&quot;
 The driver misunderstands the question; he thinks it's about whether or not he makes enough money to "get by&quot; in today's difficult world!
 Sure they do!
 Hah!  I think I get it!  Listen, I'm gonna BASICALLY commit parts of this joke to memory.
 It is common to imagine your life as a story, with yourself as a main character! It's a story with no real climax that always ends with you totally dead.
 However!
 My issue is that STUFF happens to main characters: dramatic stuff! Stuff that's not always good. It would be fun to be a bit character, a guy who gets one or two lines and whose personality is encapsulated in a few words: 'likes boats', 'old and wise', or 'eats a lot and, therefore, can't control himself around food. When someone says, "Where's the beef?&quot; he runs up and says, &quot;Did someone say BEEF?&quot; because that is definitely how people who like food act.'
 Then I was thinking, maybe I am that!
 Yeah, but it's Rosencratz and Guildenstern, right? I've got my own life, but it only counts when I'm around the main character. Everything else is forgotten!
 ...Dromiceiomimus?
 Dromiceiomimus! Are you in?
Dromiceiomimus (off screen): T-Rex?! What are you doing here? It's late! It's 3 AM!
 I - like boats?
 Everyone!
 Guess what?
 I'm pretty great!
 I'm serious!  I was thinking about it: I'm a great friend, I'm smart and I'm fun AND funny and I've been a success at every job, hobby, and challenge I've tried!
 Dromiceiomimus, let's put modesty aside for a second and just "rap&quot;, person to person.  I think when we do that, we can agree: there's nothing I've done that I haven't excelled at.
 We're putting ego ASIDE today, Utahraptor.
 I'll do better, Utahraptor!  I'm going to come up with a clean, safe, cheap, efficient, and powerful, renewable energy source THAT CURES CANCER.
 LATER
 AFTER I GO HOME AND SUCCEED AT THINKING OF A BETTER COMEBACK
 Why am I here?
 Good question!
 Am I here to fulfill some higher purpose? How can that be, if I remain completely unaware of it?
 It appears that there is some aspect of myself that craves a meaning - any meaning - to my actions.
 Good idea!
 So what meaning do you see my action representing?
 Aw man!
 Now I feel worse than ever!
 I think we can all agree that as a popular culture shifts with time, there were some years that were great and there were some years that were way terrible.
 For example!
Everyone knows that the 1920s were awesome ultimate fun times (on account of flappers and swing music!), and everyone knows that the 1970s were a decade of bad decision after bad decision: a cacophony of just - really bad decisions.
 Hilarious!
 However, I have studied the past 2000 years and come up with the DEFINITIVE CULTURAL low. 
 Yes, Utahraptor: I have gone all over 2000 years and found the global minimum: the exact day when North American, and indeed, world culture reached its, um, opposite of zenith. 
 Yes. And it's the day AFTER the film "Forrest Gump&quot; was released: July 7th, 1994.
 FRIG!!
 That's really obnoxious!
 Frig, man!  Frig!
 FRIG.
 I've got one thing to say, Dromiceiomimus!  Do you know what it is?
 Frig!
 Probably!!
 Oh, nothing.  Frig.
 Nothing I want to talk about anyway, frig.
 Yes, frig!  Frigs and dangs, drats and cruds.  Heck!
 ...FRIG.
 It occurs to me that, as a single man, every romantic relationship I've ever had has ended in breakups!
 I think every time I remember this I'll swear a li'l and feel bad about myself
 Super Nintendo?
 Nope!  Super Nintendo!
 Sorry?  I said the SNES was the best console ever because I never had one and they looked fun!
 Hey!  Perfect!
 Did you hear that?  Utahraptor says the Sega Genesis was the best ever!  Did you hear that?
 Did you hear that?
 Did you "#8212;
 I WAS TALKING TO THE DEVIL ABOUT VIDEO GAMES UTAHRAPTOR
 CAN I COME
 AW MAN
 Guys, guys! Check out my awesome trick!
 I'm a statue!
 I'm not!
 I'm not, hold on, hold on
 Ok NOW I'm a statue.
 ONE GOT TIRED
 Hold on, okay? Just - just hold on. Okay, NOW. Statue!
 *gasp*
Utahraptor (offscreen): See, T-Rex? THIS is what a statue of you looks like.
T-Rex (also offscreen): Utahraptor
T-Rex (still offscreen): Can we talk about what was said earlier
 NON-CANNON
 oh no
 what should i do, should i put on some shading?
 well!
 ...can you believe she said that?
 aww, you guys are my best friends
 friendships come to an end
 THAT'S EASY!  DINOSAUR COMICS IS A COMIC ABOUT DINOSAURS!  BUT FELLAS WOULD YOU BELIEVE?
 DINOSAURS THAT TALK!
 YES I KNOW IT IS AMAZING TO THINK OF
 CAN IT BE EXPLAINED BY SCIENTISTS?
 YOU THERE, HELP A BROTHER OUT
 THIS BLOWS!  I WILL NEVER KNOW THE ANSWER FROM A REAL SCIENTIST IF EVERY-BODY HERE IS A DINOSAUR!
 UTAHRAPTOR, I HAVE QUESTIONS THAT NEED ANSWERS
 HE'S RIGHT!  A CURE FOR AIDS??  THANKS FOR NOTHING, SCIENCE
 NO
 I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK ANYMORE!
 BRAINSTORM! 
 I'm going to write a comic about my daily life!
 hello Droce Dromecimu Dromicemomice
 hello friend
 that is nice to say
 oh thank you
 I have for you today the SEXIEST DINOSAUR COMICS STORY OF ALL TIME!  It is sexy!
 It starts like this:
 But it was sexy, right?
 See?  Lonely, infinite buildup, a confusing instant of climax that's over before you know it, and then a long, slow slide into disappointed despair?
 Man!
 You cannot deny that was a sexy story!
 What will science be like in the year 65,000,000?  Friends!  I am here to tell you: many amazing advances will be made!
 Think of how far we've come in just the past one hundred years!
 And the pace of innovation is only accelerating.  Consider that iPods from only five years ago are now LUDICROUSLY UNACCEPTABLE, when in history a person might own a single record player their entire lives!  It is certain that in the year 65,000,000 marvels dwarfing even branded consumer electronics await us.  What new and fundamental discoveries about the universe are ahead?  Will our personal holographic media players ALSO accept phone calls??
 Explain!
 Utahraptor!
 The new MacBooks have cases that are made out of ALUMINUM.
 Today is a good day I think for lavishing praise on people!
 Is this perhaps the ultimate secret to popularity?
 Hello little Dromiceiomimus!  You are certainly a nice colour this morning!
 Think nothing of it, my good lady!
 You will stomp nicely, young woman!  Good show!
 I am!  And you, Utahraptor, are quite affable at times!
 There's no time for that now!
 We've got a President to save!
 Guys!  I have some bad news!
 I don't think I'm cut out to be a law-abiding member of society!!
 When I see illegal billboards my instinct is not to call the city and register a complaint - my instinct is to tear it down!  And when I see a jerk sitting in a parked car at night, projecting an ad on the side of a building, I don't want to call the police and report a citizen acting against the best interests of EVERY OTHER CITIZEN with the exception of himself.  I want to disable his projector!  And by "disable&quot; I mean &quot;fully destroy&quot;?
 Yes!
 It's a small enough issue that I can understand it fully, AND it's a problem I can solve at night with my fists.  I can't solve global warming at night with my fists, Utahraptor.
 Don't even say it.  I can't!
 ATTENTION, ANYONE WHO HAS A LARGE CARBON FOOTPRINT!  DO YOU WANT TO BE PUNCHED?
 SEE THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I TRIED TO TELL MY FRIEND UTAHRAPTOR
 Emotions are embarrassing and should be hidden.  In polite society, "euphemisms&quot; are used to avoid the shock of naming feelings directly!
 For example, instead of saying "I'm happy&quot; you can say &quot;I fell off the wagon!  The wagon is sadness and my mode of transportation, but I didn't hold on hard enough.&quot;
 He always seemed to have an... abiding sorrow.
 "My heart has developed boners for this.&quot;
 There's no need for that crass language!  You can just say "Dudes check out that house please&quot; and the dudes, they will understand.
 A Nobel Prize for Excellence in the Avoidance of Frank Discussions of Feelings?  My heart has developed so many boners right now, ladies and gentlemen!
 Every book is written by an author.
 Is this TRULY the worst form of racism?
Dromiceiomimus: Well, I can't say that I follow you T-Rex
 Every book is written by SOMEONE, right? My point is that the SYSTEM - the MAN - is set up so that anyone who doesn't want to be an author can't write a book. Ergo, racism ahoy.
 Well - by "book&quot; I really meant &quot;T.V. show&quot;.
 Okay, you know what, at least I'm LOOKING for racism.
 Prejudice. At least I'm not COMPLACENT and ignoring ISSUES and just sitting around with my eyes closed eating cupcakes!
 ... Which actually sounds like a fun time and is something we should definitely do soon!
 I have come up with an excellent way to celebrate Hallowe'en: a date auction!
 Featuring: me!
 And since it's Hallowe'en, the prize is NOT ONLY a date with me (T-Rex!) but it's a HELLA CREEPY date with me (T-Rex!). I'll arrive two hours early, stand perfectly still across the street, and peer into your window with binoculars. I'll ring the doorbell while pressing my eye up against the peephole. I'll ask you how your day was and whenever you use the pronoun "I&quot; I'll suck my fingers. I will be only MODERATELY discreet about it. Happy Hallowe'en!
 Because of charity! It's all for charity, my good man!
 Well, alright, then I guess I'll just end up dating someone who WANTS a hella creepy date with a stranger!
Stranger: We like it when you suck on your fingers, T-Rex. "I&quot;, &quot;I&quot;, &quot;I&quot;, &quot;I&quot;, &quot;I&quot;.
 Aw, come on! You only bid like $20!
 It's just -
 Never has one man sucked on his fingers so much for so little
 I am a man who says "Frig&quot; a lot, on account of how it's part of my irresistible charm. But guys, it turns out there's a Norse goddess named &quot;Frigg&quot;! She's Odin's wife!
 Best. Life. Ever.
 See, Dromiceiomimus, I was going to say "best goddess ever,&quot; but the fact that there's a goddess Frigg has immeasurably improved MY ENTIRE LIFE. Frigg! She can SEE THE FUTURE but doesn't tell anyone what she sees, so hen someone stubs their toe they can say, &quot;Aw, FRIGG!&quot; and that is DEFINITELY probably where the expression comes from.
 There's even a plant known as Frigg's grass. So awesome!
 Utahraptor
 I think I'll never be this excited again for the rest of my life.
 Let us cherish this moment.
 Utahraptor! There's a city called "Batman&quot; in Turkey!! I could have spent my life in BATMAN CITY becoming a master in the study of Frigg!
 If this isn't the final nail in the coffin for Leibniz's "we're in the best of all possible worlds&quot; argument I don't know what is!
 You know what? Maybe Leibniz is right and we're all doing pretty okay. maybe this IS the best of all possible worlds!
 Except for the fact that ice cream costs more than vegetables!
 And except for the fact that WAY more people on the face of the planet care about the economy than they do about buying me presents.
 THAT, and except for the fact that entropy is always increasing and in the end all life in the universe will be still, dead and frozen forever.
 Oh, wow. Maybe!
 How depressing would it be to know you're part of the reason things aren't perfect? To look in on the best of all possible worlds and notice you're not there.
 I'm SO GLAD we named it Frigday instead of "Friday&quot;!
 Attention, naked and sexy (yet non-exploited!) members of the attractive sex! I KNOW
 Whenever I think of the phrase "good to the last drop&quot; I think of the friggin' Maxwell House Coffee.
 I don't even drink coffee!
 They have lexicalized the phrase AND associated it in my mind with their stupid branding!
 And if someone says "can't get enough of that Sugar Crisp&quot; NOT ONLY do I think of Sugar Crisp, I think of the jingle too!
Dromiceiomimus: Oh, actually, about that: they're rebranding it, T-Rex. It's now referred to as "Golden Crisp&quot; in most major markets.
 WHAT? They store a phrase in my sparkling mind and now they're abandoning it? I call FRIGGIN' SHENANIGANS on that!
 Um, refer to it as "Sugar Crisp&quot; till the day I die??
 Except THEN I'll just be reinforcing their original branding. Okay, tell you what: I can't forget the slogans but I CAN substitute their brands with something I do want to remember, like intercourse!
 Exactly! "Silly rabbit! Intercourse is for kids.&quot; Wow!
 That idea backfired incredibly quickly!
 I've made the Best Conceptual Hallowe'en Costume EVER this year! Check it out:
 I'm someone from the past!
 No no, sorry, I should have specified: I'm from the RECENT past. Like, past three years. I'm walking around saying "Oh, wow! Check out all these incremental improvements.&quot;
 Um, lots of the - politics?
 Actually, I'm someone from three years ago who also didn't follow the news.
 ....Yes.
 I am about to.
 HEY UTAHRAPTOR! I'M DRESSED UP AS MYSELF FROM THREE YEARS AGO!
 BECAUSE I'M STILL KINDA CHEESED ABOUT YOU TEARING APART MY 2008 COSTUME AND IN THE INTERVENING YEARS I HAVE BECOME ONLY SLIGHTLY BETTER AT EXPRESSING MYSELF
 While riding my bike yesterday and making a TOTALLY LEGAL move from the side of the road into traffic so that I could make a left-hand turn, this car dude honked at me!
 So I flipped him off. It was BICYCLE ROAD RAGE!
 It was insane. I never get road rage, bicycle or otherwise, and I never flip anyone off! But here I was being all that I hate! I flipped him off without even looking behind, and THEN, after I flipped him off he honked at me again, two little ones, and I flipped him off again, two little ones. Then I turned left and got away!
 I am certain of it!
 What else could he have meant?
 Huh!
 Excuse me, everyone? You saw what just happened! What do you think that driver meant to convey?
 MOM, I was asking the OTHER pedestrians
 Someone who doesn't vote is CLEARLY super chumpy.  But, ON THE OTHER HAND, someone totally uninformed who votes anyway is ultra chumps too!
 An interesting conundrum!
 So let's take it to extremes: if voters were SO UNINFORMED that they were effectively voting randomly, then their noise would drown out the signal of informed voters.  So that's bad!
 Agreed!
 So let's just multiply everyone's vote by their informedness!
 Exactly!  That way the "goodness&quot; of a voter will directly impact how much their vote is worth!
Utahraptor: Wow.  T-Rex, your system only works if we can objectively measure informedness, which isn't going to happen.  Plus, replace "goodness&quot; with &quot;ethnicity&quot; in your phrase and you're a super crazy racist!
 Dear audio memoirs!  Today I was racist by word substitution again.
 This -
 This is the hardest racism not to be.
 I'm worried that I'm putting on weight.
 I'm worried that I'll grow to be a fat dinosaur!
 It's not that I'm suddenly eating more, I think, it's that my metabolism is slowing down - so the food I eat is going straight to my trendy hips!
 That's why I'm vowing to get out and get exercise every day from now on!
 It's good exercise!
 But then they'd be less of a deal!
 I'd be wasting my money!
 How great would it be to be able to make your voice sound like somebody else's?
 SUPER GREAT??
 Probably! Because then I could do prank calls as you, Dromiceiomimus! I could call Utahraptor as you and invite him over for dinner, and then, when he shows up for dinner, you're liable to be unprepared for company!
 I - um.
 OKAY, as revenge for that, I could prank call Dromiceiomimus and pretend that I'm a celebrity she likes!
 Well, I'VE actually got an emergency SUPER SECRET prank that I won't talk about, in case I ever do get the chance to pull it off.
T-Rex [[thinking]]: Man, if I don't find a washroom soon others will be disappointed in me
 The ultimatum game is an economics game thing!  Two anonymous strangers have to decide how to divide a sum of money between themselves.
 Player One proposes a non-zero split, and Player Two can either accept or reject it!
 If Two accepts, they both take their money and go their separate ways.  But if Two rejects, NOBODY gets any money.  And the game is played only once, so there's no worry about reprisals.
 That's what's so interesting!  When there's really unfair offers (90/10, 99/1), some players reject them anyway.
 Exactly!
 Exactly, and that's something!  We're not ALL motivated by greed.  Some of us are ALSO motivated by pride.
 Attention, retail establishments! Hallowe'en is barely over.
 Let us bask in the afterglow a bit before rolling over and kissing Christmas!
 The worst part of this is that even COMPLAINING about the early commercialization of Christmas is pass?. It's like airline food! The zeitgeist has already moved on to acceptance and "their chefs do good work under difficult circumstances&quot; and I'm left saying &quot;Hey notice how this sucks, though?&quot;
 I know! !
 I'm experimenting with it!
 I figure if everyone is gonna accept insanely early Christmas marketing, then I'M just going to sexually anthropomorphize the holidays.That way, when people encounter Christmas marketing, the disquieting thoughts they got from ME will at least make them aware of it!
 WHAT HAVE I WROUGHT
 Today is a good day I think...
 ...for a treasure hunt!
Dromiceiomimus: Sweet! So what are we looking for, T-Rex?
 Okay so in 1958 these two US Air Force planes were doing training exercises with a real nuclear bomb for some reason, and they crashed into each other! And one of the planes was so damaged that it had to jettison its bomb above a bay in Georgia!
 Serial number 47782, baby!
Utahraptor: This bomb was missing its nuclear capsule though, T-Rex! It wouldn't explode.
 Aw man! NEVERMIND.
 Perhaps you missed the scenario in which I use it to blow up... pollution?
 Today I will be a patron of the ARTS.  Yes.  That is a classy thing to be.
 Women LOVE patrons!
 They love 'em!
 Hey Dromiceiomimus, have you noticed the arts lately?  I have, and as a patron, I find them to be very engaging AND artistic ... on SEVERAL levels.
 Um.  The one where the woman - is ... surfing?
 Whatever!  I can come up with painting names later!
 What?  Screw that!  MY DISPOSABLE INCOME IS ALL EARMARKED FOR ONE PURPOSE!
 THAT PURPOSE IS TO MAKE ME HAPPIER
 THROUGH THE PURCHASE OF THINGS
 THAT ONLY SERVE TO MAKE ME POORER
 I'M GONNA STOP TALKING NOW AND RE-EVALUATE SOME DECISIONS OKAY
 Ladies! Gentlemen! Everybody stop what you're doing for a sec.
 I have gained access to a cake!!
 Let us divide it among us so we each get a fair amount, yes? I will divide exactly into thirds!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex, maybe I like cherries and you like icing. It doesn't have to be equal to be fair!
 FINE. What if I divided it so that no-one would wnat to trade their piece with someone else? That's fair! That's ENVY-FREE, baby!
 HOW IS THAT NOT FAIR??
Utahraptor: It's greedy. Let's cut it such that there's no other way it could be cut that would make ANY of us better off, without making at least one of us worse off. That's OPTIMAL for all of us, T-Rex, and that's optimal for SOCIETY.
 That's one person keeping the whole cake! Nice try, Utahraptor!!
 Fuck, it's strawberry cake
 Today is the day I find I'm no longer immersed in popular culture.  I used to be SUBMERGED in it, but now I'm not even in the lake! I'm on the shore, dripping wet, furrowing my brow and pointing at the lake in confusion.  
 Today is the day I realize that saying something "rocks&quot; is actually really weird!
 It's like a switch went off in my head.  This radio station was all bragging on itself, saying "Kewl 105: WE ROCK!&quot; and my first thought was &quot;Like a moored boat?  Is it cool now to sway back and forth, like a boat tied to a dock by a length of rope?&quot;
 That's the thing!  My FIRST INSTINCT was to take it literally.  I had to remind myself what they really meant.  
 Then I thought of "rock concerts&quot; and it seemed silly!  But &quot;punk rock&quot; seemed ADORABLE.  
 I know you're trying Utahraptor, but it sounds to me like you're saying I should pitch dangerously to one side a little more often.  It's too late for me.  Tell them my story.  
Utahraptor: Goodbye T-Rex.  We had a good run, didn't we?
 We did.  By God, we did.  
 Hey, when I decide that "cool&quot; can only mean something chilly, you'll still shoot me with the kryptonite bullet, right? 
 Awesome!
 Awesome.
 Today is a good day I think for surprising my friends...
 ... with breakfast in bed, that is!
 Oh, Dromiceiomimus, you're already out and about!
 I see. That's cool, I GUESS. I GUESS You can do what you want with you life.
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, do you want to - 
 Man, YOU'RE already up too?
 This is the last time I try to make you guys breadfast in bed, okay? You suckers don't stay in bed long enough to eat a delicious breakfast surprise.
 Um, maybe if you were lazier and hungrier...?
 I would like to cancel my order of thirty hash browns, please!
 Then why do you have a drive-through?
 Guess who had their first dream of flying last night?
 Gentlemen, ladies: calm down please!  It was me!!
 I HAD, but they were always dreams in which everyone else could fly and I couldn't.  You know the one where everyone realizes they can fly by jumping and flapping their arms, but when you try it, you just hop a tiny bit higher than normal?  And it's KINDA cool but everyone else is flying so it's not THAT cool?
Utahraptor: "I'm T-Rex and I have transparently symbolic dreams!&quot;
 Come on, man!
 We ALREADY AGREED dreams sounds hella symbolic when described.  If we want to talk about their contents, we have to move past symbolism!
 Okay.  So I was wondering, in case I get this dream again, where do YOU fly when you dream about flying?
Utahrpator: T-Rex, I fly through a giant pink tunnel, down through a dark hole, into a tremendous blooming flower, and finally around a huge roseate "V&quot; with text beneath it that says &quot;That 'V' stands for 'Vaginas'&quot;.
 Utahraptor!
 Please continue
 Yes! Because if he dies, then the money that shows up will make us say, "Perfect! This is exactly as much as I valued that guy!&quot;
 WHAT?!
 Oh God, I'm DEFINITELY going to jail, and it's all Utahraptor's fault! It's his revenge for all those arguments he los!
 Because when he dies, the police are going to ask "Who stands to gain?&quot; and now there's a giant MILLION-DOLLAR ARROW pointing right to me, signed and notarized! Insurance policies are instant motive! JUST ADD DEATH!
 Still no good, my friend!
 Your insurance company still saves a MILLION DOLLARS if they can somehow make it look like I murdered you. They'll be there, hands cupped around the policeman's ear, whispering "Listen I am almost certain this green dude killed him and made it look like old age&quot;
 Utahraptor!
 My fears have been reduced by precisely 80%!
 I fear that I've lost something... something important!
 Something I'll never get back again!
 Something that was very special! Something that I guess part of me thought I'd always have with me! Something that I'd tried to hold on to, but lost nonetheless!
 Something-
 What? I was talking about a baby tooth.
 Alright, I was talking about my virginity!
 Yes!  Maybe sometimes you don't want to throw the fact that you've found happiness in the arms of another in my face?  Maybe you need some "euphemisms&quot;.
 For example!
 Instead of saying "Sally and I are now dating exclusively&quot; you can say &quot;Sally and I are now seeing other people ONLY WITH REGRET.&quot;  On second thought, maybe you should keep the &quot;Sally and I are now dating exclusively&quot; because if I don't want to acknowledge your commitment, I can play dumb and say, &quot;Sally and you are now dating exclusively... axe murderers?  Mad scientists?  Um, DOGS?&quot;
 Yes.  Allow me to correct that!
 Instead of "T-Rex, we're dating&quot;: &quot;T-Rex, we're eating an awful lot of picnics on Sundays&quot;, &quot;T-Rex, we're hanging out more than can be politely explained away&quot;, &quot;T-Rex, we're playing Mega Man in two-player mode&quot;.
 Not for us, Utahraptor!  Not for us.
 *sigh*
 You know what's freaky?  Ghost ships!  Ships sent sailing and found drifting weeks or months or years later, and EVERYBODY'S GONE.
 Totally spooky, dudes!
 I think what I love best about them is their aloneness: how everyone aboard was basically removing themselves from larger society, expecting to be reintegrated when they arrived "#8212; and then something went catastrophically wrong!  All we can do is piece things together.  Botched mutiny?  Rogue wave?  Everyone accidentally turning invisible AND mute AND ALSO incorporeal?  If you are overly credulous then it is impossible to say for sure!!
 It's the sea!
 A boat can float along for years without crew or sails or a working engine.  But if everyone disappears on an airplane it's not like we'll find it still flying around years later!
 FINE
[[In T-Rex's imagination]]
 Um, even in the heady realm of fantasy I don't see how this could happen!!
 Okay! Today is the day I go down in the record books for being the first guy who - who, um...
 ... who ate a tractor?
 Aw, really? All at once or in li'l bites?
 Hello? That's the world record for Longest Time Taken To Push A Disabled Tractor Through A Stupid Digestive Tract. That doesn't count!
 And if it DOES count, why stop at a tractor?
 Forget that noise. I'm going to eat something way bigger and show that stupid tractor guy how it's done. What's something bigger than a tractor? The box the tractor comes in?
 Perfect!
 Dear audio diary! This afternoon found me with my mouth wrapped around the brick corner of the library, suddenly wondering if this was all life held for me.
 Later I had cupcakes!
 Here are some simple ways to improve your life!
 ... Don't die?
Utahraptor: That really wasn't that helpful, T-Rex!
 I know, I know!
 But I don't HAVE any simple ways to improve lives!  Try being lucky?  Don't make bad decisions if you're about to do that?  Always be healthy- um, somehow?  Maybe don't be a crazy racist?
 EXCELLENT.
Off-Panel: T-Rex, I feel like my life could be improved.  Are there any ways I can improve it?
 Maybe you should stop being such a CRAZY RACIST??
 Deus Ex Machina is the most excellent of all literary techniques because it's the only one where God shows up and says "Hey fellas, what the heck's going on?&quot; and then solves all the problems.
 And it doesn't even have to be God! ANYTHING that comes out of nowhere and solves all the problems counts! An early example is in Macbeth, where Lady Macbeth is TOTALLY GUILTY over the murder she masterminded, but then she remembers her time machine!
 Act V, Scene I? Lady Macbeth is all, "Out, damned spot!! Out, I say! Oh wait, here's my time machine!&quot;
 I'd like to know where you buy yours!
 EVERYONE knows that Macbeth ends with Lady Macbeth going back in time and stopping the murder, and then she and Macbeth go to the future, which is the 1800s, which is actually the past now.
 Shakespeare spends pages wildly inaccurately describing life in the 1800s?
 I'm glad you decided to add time machines to your plays, Shakespeare!
 SURE YOU ARE
 Midas was a king who was nice to a friend of the God of Wine, and so he gets a wish from the God of Wine! NICE! And so Midas wishes that everything he touched would turn to gold.
 Instantly the ground he's standing on transforms into gold!
 The gold change races across the planet's surface and down into the mantle like a shockwave, transmuting it instantly. In seconds, the Earth's iron-nickel core becomes pure non-ferrous gold, and the planet's magnetic field is lost. Unshielded from solar wind, every living creature begins to absorb desperately fatal levels of radiation. The soft gold of the planetary crust is unable to sustain the weight placed upon it, and begins to buckle and distort.
 Midas watches in horror as his planet dies a golden death!
 The moral is not to make wishes like that, King Midas!!
 Attention, people who are breaking up with someone! Don't say "it just wasn't meant to be&quot;, okay?
 You are greatly complicating your breakup!
 Because now instead of simply saying "hey listen for my tastes you are WAY too sassy&quot; you are saying &quot;hey listen okay there's this all-powerful invisible being who controls EVERYONE'S FATE and he's or she or it or they (it's hard to say and nobody really agrees) has got plans and intentions and a particular interest in us NOT being together.&quot;
 Occam's razor, people! OCCAM'S RAZOR.
 I AM.
 Besides, honesty can help the dumped person improve. They can say "maybe my sassiness IS at all-time highs!!&quot; instead of saying &quot;GEEZ I wish whoever controlled our fates would stop being such a DICK&quot;, saying &quot;DICK&quot; really loudly so the fate controlling entity is sure to hear.
 You don't need God to dump someone!! Oh my God, Utahraptor. Yes!
 So gravity happens because matter bends spacetime and blah blah blah.  But dudes, I had a crazy idea!  What if instead of gravity being a property of matter, it was a property of the ENTIRE FRIGGIN' UNIVERSE?
 Have all minds within the sound of my voice been COMPLETELY AND IRREVOCABLY BLOWN??
 So check it: the universe is suffused with tiny invisible particles that travel in equal intensity from all directions.  So if you were alone in the universe, you'd be hit equally from all directions and nothing would happen.  But if there's a planet in front of you, then any particles coming from its direction are going to hit it instead and not you!  So you're no longer in balance, and particles coming from BEHIND you will push you towards the planet.
 Yes!
 No, because they're "#8212; massless?
 They're "#8212; energyless as well?
 Everyone in the past needs to stop preemptively plagiarizing my ideas!
 I keep saying that but it keeps happening!  It's total crap!!
 I have a great idea for a comic you guys!
 Okay so there's a single panel with three stand-up comics on stage, each in front of a microphone, talking and smiling, making gestures, that sort of thing.  And in the foreground there's a guy in the audience who's whispering something to his friend, and the caption says "What's so funny 'bout Peace, Love, and Understanding?&quot;  Tada!
 Dromiceiomimus, if you liked me you'd be laughing
 Yes!  THAT IS WHY IT'S HILARIOUS!!
 ARGH
 Oh my goodness I just figured out what I was meant to do with my life. I have discovered my CALLING.
 Body farm owner!!
 Forensic anthropologists want to study how bodies decompose in different circumstances! And so they go to their neighborhood BODY FARM, which is basically just a few acres of land surrounded by a fence and filled with DEAD AND DECOMPOSING BODIES. Some are out in the open, others are underwater or entombed or whatever! And scientists come and science up the joint, and I'LL be the guy who holds a torch under his face and says "Welcome to my farm of death and decay.&quot;
 I'd only say that sometimes, Utahraptor.
 "Security issues&quot;! What's better security than living in a house surrounded by CORPSES? &quot;Oh hey, let's go steal the TV from the corpse house&quot;? NOBODY HAS EVER SAID THAT, UTAHRAPTOR!!
 Honestly, Utahraptor. If you keep being so down on my body farm idea, when you die I might not let you decay out in the open on my front lawn!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, what I am about to say, I say with all honesty.
 What is the point of going to sleep? I'm just going to wake up again!
 Wait! I'm a genius!
 With my nights freed up from the chore of sleep, I will become unstoppable! I'll have an extra eight hours to plan and scheme!
 I will stop sleeping right away! Tonight!
 Who knows what the future holds for me?
 What the hell, man?
 It's been like twenty years!
 Okay so this game is called "Guess Two Thirds of the Average&quot;! We all pick a number between 0 and 100 and guess what 2/3rds of the average of everyone else's guesses will be!
 The winner is the person who guesses the closest number!
 So let's say everyone else chose 100 - you'd want to choose 66.67, because that's 2/3rds of 100. But the catch is you all choose your numbers at the same time and don't tell the other players.
 Exactly!
 Yep!
 But assuming the other players know that too...
 GUESS TWO THIRDS OF THE AVERAGE GUESS TWO THIRDS OF THE AVERAGE!!
 PICK ME!
 GUESS TWO THIRDS OF THE AVERAGE
 Dudes!
 There are a lot of friggin' religions!
 And let's say you're a lady or fellow who thinks "Man, heaven sounds like okay times! I've GOT to get in on that action.&quot; But you're stymied, because which religion should you choose? There's like a billion different ones, and if you bet on the wrong horse then no heaven for you, chumpy!
 My friends, I have the solution: The T-Rex system!
Utahraptor: Okay, I'll bite: what's the T-Rex system?
 You overlap each and every religion in a Venn diagram!
 THEN, you just look for the place of maximum overlap and follow the precepts there! Say you discover most religions say something like "Give to the poor&quot;: you know that by doing this, you're maximizing your Heaven Potential&quot;#8482; for HUNDREDS of religions at once! Plus, you're not wasting time on CRAZY and UNPOPULAR precepts.
 Um, here's another hypothetical for you, Utahraptor: WHAT IF ALL GODS EXIST AND WHEN YOU DIE YOU COULD SPEND YOUR TIME IN LIKE 80 BILLION HEAVENS AT ONCE??
 I have kissed a lady.  I have seen PLENTY of beautiful sunsets.  I've even driven a car through a fruit stand during a car chase!
 ...What's left?
 This, my friends, is the malaise of the glutton at life's buffet, The Man Who Achieved Too Much Too Soon.  He looks ahead, his life not half over, and sees no more frontiers to conquer, no more challenges, no more surprises!  All that remains is a slow slide into compromise and old age, the long December spent waiting for the day his mind and body finally fail.
 Then: death!
 Well!
 I guess I could do them in ORDER...
 One in seven Canadians is living with a disability!
 But one in seven Canadians is ALSO productively employed in the agri-food industry!
 It's especially impressive after I tell you that one in seven Canadians is... A SENIOR CITIZEN!!
 But it's not all sunshine and roses, Utah-raptor.
 One in seven Canadians also has alcohol-related problems, suffers from insomnia, arthritis, skin cancer, AND has seriously considered suicide.
 Don't worry!  One in seven Canadians will die of an infectious disease before they can suicide!  PLUS they'll leave money to charity!
 Zombies versus vampires!  They're the new pirates versus ninjas verses ants that combined themselves together to form the shape of a giant ant!
 And the question is: who would win in a fight?
 Unfortunately the question is ridiculous because zombies and vampires have no reason to be fighting.  vampires drink blood and zombie blood is all decayed and pooling in their feet.  They wouldn't be interested!  Correspondingly, zombies eat brains and vampires -
 - okay maybe they would fight sometimes.
 Obviously!!
 If you're bitten by a zombie then you become a zombie, so all the vampires would eventually be vampire zombies!
 Utahraptor!
Utahraptor: T-Rex!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: This is the poignant example of the futility of war that we've ever seen!!
 I wonder what it's like being a ghost.  Immortality coupled with incorporeality seems like a potent combination!  Is it TRULY 24/7 party times?
 There's one way to find out!
 Excuse me, God!  What's being a ghost like?
 Okay but what's the difference between you and a ghost then?
 I've no evidence that ghosts can't do that!
 I was saying, I don't have any evidence that ghosts can't create universes.  Maybe they just CHOOSE not to, you know?  Maybe they've got enough hassles without adding a whole new UNIVERSE on top of them.  
 Nevermind! 
 God, it would be more convenient for me if other people could hear you. 
 God!  We will DEFINITELY have to agree to differ on that one!!
 Cave painting: check. Renaissance-era painting: check. Astrolabe from the Age of Discovery stuffed inside my computer: check!
 It appears I have finished decorating my house!
 It is! But here's my angle: let's say there's a catastrophe and everyone dies. When Future Folks dig up my house, I will throw their historical understanding into chaos! They will say "HOW COULD A CAVE MAN OWN A RENAISSANCE-ERA PAINTING AND A COMPUTER WITH AN ASTROLABE STUFFED IN IT?! FRIG. HISTORY IS RUINED, YOU GUYS.&quot;
 They might!
 But THEN worst case they'll think, "Wait, nevermind: THIS dude just had supremely excellent taste!!&quot;
 Yeah, either way I win!
 Attention, future generations!
 I'm still calling that a win!
 The best way to revenge yourself on an animal is to eat it.
 Everyone knows it but they leave it to ME to say it out loud!
 And this is the problem with vegetarians!! If a cow sasses me, I can say "Oh yeah? Well guess what, wise guy?! I will use your flesh for digestive energy.&quot;  But vegetarians just take it!  And then cows have no idea who they can get away with sassing, and let's face it they're not the smartest pickles in the fountain, so they sass EVERYONE and then I end up eating a lot of beef.
 It's not that big a problem.
 You haven't?
 Utahraptor, it's so SATISFYING.  You're like "My feelings are hurt, but soon I'll be full of meat.  Wow, I feel better already!!&quot;
 Okay, you're coming with me and we're going to sneak onto a farm.
 HOLY CRAP SHEEP HAVE RECTANGULAR PUPILS!!
 WHAT THE HELL WHAT THE HELL
 AHHHHH
 "T-Rex,&quot; she said &quot;I'm in love with you.&quot;  She gazed into his eyes, smiling.  &quot;I thought differently about it, and it's DEFINITELY because you're so handsome and intelligent.&quot;
 T-Rex laughed!
  "Baby,&quot; he replied, &quot;it's also because I am sexy and loveable and smart and manly and sexy.&quot;  She was nodding.  He paused, looked around, and then whispered, &quot;I put 'sexy' in twice because I'm - &quot; &quot; -twice as sexy&quot; she whispered back, the two of them whispering it together.  She knew that he was twice as sexy as a regular sexy man.  That was probably a good thing for their relationship, he decided.  Better that she know now, than be suprised down the road!
Utahraptor:  Suddenly she threw up on T-Rex, over and over until he was drenched in digestive fluid!
  No!  That's not what happened!
  Um - "That's not what happened,&quot; she said, wiping her mouth.  T-Rex realized it wasn't vomit, it was -
Utahraptor: - ultravomit, a new form of vomit that was digesting him alive!  As his skin began to dissolve, T-Rex's face melted, slid down the side of his neck, and plopped onto the ground.  
  Woo!
  awww daaaang
 People say to me, "T-Rex, what do you want for Christmas?&quot; This year I have the perfect gift idea!
 Peace on Earth!
 I'm serious! People SAY this a lot, but they're always adding a "oh hey if that doesn't work out remote controlled cars are just as awesome&quot;, which, WHILE TRUE, also supplies an out! By only asking for peace, I'm forcing my entire network of friends to try to get it for me! It turns negative consumerism into Positive World Change, PLUS, if anyone pulls it off I get to raise my hand in the new utopia and say &quot;Awesome! This was my idea.&quot;
 Yes please!
 Utahraptor, it's CHRISTMAS. If you told me what you wanted I would get it for you, no questions asked! And I'm telling you I want world peace.
 Peace please!!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, it's December 18th! Even if I knew how, that's not much time to convince the entire planet to hug. 
 Utahraptor
 It's CHRISTMAS
 Where do babies come from?
 An excellent course of inquiry!
 Solving this mystery will put to rest many of the niggling mysteries of my creation!  I will finally have an "origin story&quot;!
 I do!
 Please!  Fill me in!
 MOM did that?
 I need to get the best present EVER for Utahraptor this year. And that present is clearly, a - um... a...
 A spouse!!
 It's the best gift! If things go well then years later people will say "How did you two meet?&quot; and he can say &quot;T-Rex hooked us up for Chistmas! BEST GIFT EVER!!&quot; and then they can high five!
 I'm doing it!!
Utahraptor: So I got the link you emailed me, T-Rex!
 Yes! God on...!
 Hah!
 Upon closer inspection that was actually more a gift for me than Utahraptor
 Yes, I don't know how it happened but it's true! Wikipedia is a woman now.
 And she's super smart, too!
 You ask her about frogs, and bam! She knows ALL ABOUT THEM. And then you ask her about trains, and she's all, "Did you mean the band? The album? THE BAVARIAN VILLAGE??&quot;and I'm like, &quot;All of them, I guess!&quot; It's great. It's kind like dating God!
 Utahraptor! Awful!!
 We were in bed and I kissed her, and I asked her about herself, right? To set the mood? And she swore at me, but then she took it back, and then she yelled "HITLER WAS RIGHT&quot;, but then she took it back, and then she showed me a picture of a wiener, but then I said &quot;You know what I think I'm done asking about you.&quot;
 Later I asked her about Christmas and she told me Santa wasn't real
 Today is the day I bring back the word "daffy&quot;!
 NO NOT LIKE THE DUCK
 It means "crazy&quot;!
 And it USED to be a good adjective, until Daffy Duck showed up and stole it and now when I say "daffy&quot; everyone thinks &quot;duck&quot;! He only wants the adjective for himself! He got GREEDY.
 There's plenty of guys named "Bob&quot;, but I can still float in a volume of water without everyone suddenly reminiscencing about those dudes!
 Yes! No.
 Look, I just want to be able to use "daffy&quot; again. I want to say, &quot;What a daffy car that is!&quot; and have nobody get that far-off &quot;Huh, I wonder if they're still putting Daffy Duck on mugs&quot; look in their eyes.
 YES THEY ARE STILL PUTTING DAFFY DUCK ON MUGS
 I AM MAKING MY OWN DAFFY DUCK MUGS WHERE WHEN YOU PUT HOT LIQUID IN IT IT SAYS "DAFFY IS ALSO AN ADJECTIVE AND NOT JUST A DUCK&quot;
 ALSO
 I SHOUTED TOO MUCH AND MY VOICE GOT STUCK THIS WAY
 Our letter to Professor Science comes from me!  I write:
 "Dear Professor: How do I know which food that I ate got turned into my eyes?&quot;
 I really thought I wrote that one better.  Wow.
 Anyway, what I meant was this: how do we know what food we ate contributed to which parts of our bodies?  Put simply, Professor, last week I ate a salami sandwich.  I have but one simple question: IS THAT SALAMI NOW MY BRAIN??
 Unsatisfactory!!
 I want to know precisely where my meals will end up before I eat them!  You know what my dream is?  My dream is to pick out a lobster in a tank and say "Oh, I'll have that one, the one on the right.  Yes.  Have him boiled; I will consume his flesh.  I will turn him into eyeballs.&quot;
 I have a new science question, Professor!!
 Is "#8212;
 Is it wrong to want things that are terrible?
 I was thinking about my grade-school days last night, and I realized I couldn't remember most of the people who were in my classes!
 I've forgotten pretty much everyone who didn't go on to the same school as I did!
 This has raised some pretty profound questions for me.  First off, it seems evident that I have finite space in my brain, and things are getting erased.
 The problem is, I don't have any control - conscious at least - over what gets deleted and what stays.
 Right. I'd say a good part of who a person is comes from their experiences - but if they are forgotten, where does that leave the person?
 There's only one way to find out! It seems that, once again, I will have to contract...
 AMNESIA!
 I found out about the best word yesterday: "frigorific&quot;! It means &quot;cold&quot;. With this word I can now finally say the sentence, &quot;DAAAAMN, girlfriend, that was totally frigorific!&quot;
 I HAVE ALWAYS WANTED TO SAY THAT SENTENCE.
Dromiceiomimus: "Frigorific&quot; is actually old news, T-Rex! It was Merriam-Webster's Word of the Day last - Thursday, I think?
 You know what? Screw those guys, man! I don't even care if it WAS their Word of the Day last week. It's my Word of the Day TODAY.
 Anyway, who trusts a Word of the Day chosen by the publisher of a DICTIONARY?
 It's ridiculous! It's like asking Kellogg's what their Cereal of the Day is. Hey, here's a hint! I BET IT'LL BE A CEREAL MANUFACTURED BY KELLOGG'S!
 THEIR dictionary, not THE dictionary! There's like 80 billion words they've never heard about.
 See? I couldn't find "sexplosive&quot;, &quot;mathemagician&quot;, &quot;backne&quot; OR &quot;ambisextrous&quot;!
 Utahraptor! No one has ever said that about "ambisextrous&quot;.
 Okay so we've all evolved from lesser beings and in order to continue the species, we have a genetic imperative to reproduce!
 And this is PROBABLY why sexin' is fun times!
 And I'm told that when you hold your newborn child in your arms for the first time, this is a transcendental and joyous life-changing event. Sure, fine! I TOTALLY BELIEVE YOU. But why are these pleasures just related to reproduction? Why can't I have the joy of having a child without actually HAVING to have the child?
 It's my understanding that children are really expensive, you guys!!
 Genetic Engineering! It's SO EASY.
 let's just replace the biological imperative to reproduce! Let's give ourselves the same joy and wonder from an egg sammich as we get from first holding our child in our arms! Let's make gum as deeply fulfilling as watching your child graduate top of the class, Dean's list, summa cum laude. Bubblegum flavour.
 Who said anything about not having sex? The whole point is you can do both at the same time!
 "Boo hoo this is tasty boo hoo I'm also enjoying this sex as well&quot;?
 I am a generous guy!  If someone wants to go in front of me in traffic, I slow down and let them in.
 But it's all an act!
  I let someone cut in front of me for two reasons: because I figure this way it's more likely they'll do the same for me in the future, and because I recognize that it helps the traffic system as a whole.  But this isn't generosity, it's greed!  It's well-presented greed.  It's me selfishly wanting to get around quickly so BADLY that I'll sacrifice the short term for the long term.
 I'm not!
 I'll ask if you want the last piece of pie before I take it, but again: that's just me selfishly wanting friends and knowing that actually showing my greediness impedes that.  Otherwise I'd be gobbling it like crazy!
 That's true!  And... and that means as long as they're still around, then I'm NOT the worst person ever!  Oh my God, now I have a perfectly selfish reason to be thankful for all the jerks!
 You're SUCH a good friend, Utahraptor!
 Yep!
 It's not that hard, you guys!
 Someone comes in and says "Boo hoo I have trouble with one or more of my RELATIONSHIPS&quot;, and what do I say? I say &quot;How does that make you feel?&quot; and they say &quot;Sad&quot; and I say &quot;But talking about it makes you feel better, right?&quot; and they say &quot;A little, I guess&quot; and I say &quot;Excellent! CASE CLOSED.&quot;
 When I say "Case closed&quot; I make eye contact, take off my glasses, and dramatically slam closed the book I'm holding.
 I wear them when I'm a relationship counsellor, silly!
 From bad relationships, obviously!
 VIA THEIR EARS, I WOULD IMAGINE??
T-Rex [[thinking]]: I am drumming up business for myself
 Everyone, there's no need for all this fussin' and a-feudin'!
 Oil is totally a renewable resource!
 We just have to give it time, okay?  We'll all go and do something else for a while, when we come back there'll be oil EVERYWHERE.  The place will be rotten with it, and then we can stuff that into our cars, okay?
 Of course not!
 Today is "What would things be like if we had lifespans of millions of years?  Guys, let's pretend&quot; day.
 Only if you're not participating in today's theme!!
 Hey, since we live for millions of years, let's go make some staggeringly beautiful art that can only be created by synthesizing thousands of years of experience, hopes, fears, triumphs and failures into one transcendental expression of life!
 Let's say you're playing chess with someone, and suddenly they have a fatal heart attack. This is the best possible way to win, you guys!
 You have kicked their ass at chess so HARD that they DIED.
 It doesn't matter if you were losing when they kicked the bucket: you've still won with the best finishing move possible! And what's more, your victory is SO AWESOME that it completely overshadows everything your opponent ever accomplished during his life! People will say, "Sure, that guy may have CURED CANCER, but he lost so badly at chess that he died.&quot; EVERY VERSION OF HIS OBITUARY WILL END WITH &quot;CHECKMATE.&quot;
 I'm not!
 Okay, I am. But it's a small hope!
 Yes! Exactly!
 I'm not a terrible person, Utahraptor! If you died playing chess I'd be sad, obviously! But also happy, because I KICKED YOUR ASS STRAIGHT TO THE GRAVE.
 ...Let us pause here and remember how truth and honesty are the foundation of any social relationship?
 What is love? Love is "a strong positive emotion of regard and affection&quot;. It was a silly question to ask because the answer is right there in the dictionary!
 But that's too easy. We have to complicate up that business!
 Maybe we'll insist that love can't be defined, that it's beyond the reach of rational thought, that we fall in and out of love in a way that is completely beyond our control. All we can do is hope for the best and hold on for the ride, because it's Cupid's arrow straight through the heart, striking anywhere at any time! It's a lot like an axe murderer, or a brain aneurysm. Or a stroke. Or dementia.
 Love is just a feeling! A CHEMICAL STATE. We don't need to deify it!
 I've got nothing against romance! You can still be romantic while maintaining that love is an understandable emotion. Just be rational! And don't do tons of stupid stuff and use "I was in love!&quot; as the justification. That's not love: that's responsibility deflection.
 Excuse me!
 I just THINK that
  I am a fan of knowing things!  Generally, the more things you know, the better prepared you are for someone asking "Hey, do you know all about 18th century literature?&quot;
  Because then if you know about 18th century literature you can punch them aside and say "OBVIOUSLY!&quot;
  But it occurs to me there are situations where ignorance is bliss!  For example, imagine if you knew all about how the worst moment of your life would go down.  You'd spend a bunch of your time saying "Aw dang, that's STILL going to suck!&quot;
  True.  Okay, but say you knew the BEST moment of your life!
  Okay, but say it's passed, so it's all downhill from here on out.
  FINE.
  I knew it!! Why?
 You know who hasn't written a screenplpay for a while?
 But especially me!!
 And that's going to change right now!
 Okay, so the scene opens in a spaceship and it's the future!  The ship is this huge mechanical leviathan, all pipes and metal catwalks, unfriendly, imposing.  And it's drifting in deep space!  The engines have overloaded and blown up.  This is all explained in the opening musical montage, set to "Louie Louie&quot;!
 Um, no!  It's science fiction DRAMA.  "Louie Louie&quot; is just a really good song.
 So after this dramatic montage we're on the bridge, where the Captain is!
 Well, he's a gruff man, but he knows his spaceships.  His name?  Captain Flannigan O'Spaceships.
 Yes.  He's yelling "Status!&quot; and there's a dramatic strings version of &quot;Red Red Wine&quot; playing.  It's a very tense scene!
 True!  But sir, I think you'll find that you're forced to agree: THIS ISN'T MOST SCREENPLAYS.
 All funny t-shirts use the same unmodified t-shirt canvas:
 Slogan on the front! And maybe on the back sometimes!
 Forget that, man! Let's kick it up a notch or two! Let's break free of our self-imposed t-shirt boundaries.
 Layers, Dromiceiomimus! SEQUENCES.
 Beneath an "I'M WITH STUPID&quot; shirt, wear another one that says &quot;NO, NOT REALLY&quot;.
 Exactly! And beneath that, another shirt that says "IF I WAS STANDING NEXT TO A VISIBLE MINORITY WITH THE OTHER SHIRT I DIDN'T MEAN IT AND I APOLOGIZE!!&quot; Beneath that, &quot;YOU GUYS, I'M NOT ACTUALLY RACIST&quot;; Beneath that, &quot;IT WAS JUST THE UNFORTUNATE JUXTAPOSITION OF MY SHIRT FROM 4 SHIRTS AGO AND A PERSON&quot;
 I was inspired when I saw a racist person stripping!
 I thought, wow, if only they'd been wearing the shirts I just invented.
 Most of Shakespeare's life is a mystery!  People spend their time reading his plays and saying "Man, this guy has dudes sailing from cities that are days away from large bodies of water.&quot;
 "He must not have known geography that well!&quot;
 "Therefore... he must not have travelled that much!  I HAVE UNCOVERED A FACT ABOUT SHAKESPEARE'S LIFE!&quot;  and then they're happy.
 That's exactly my point!  We're RECONSTRUCTING it from hints, subtext, deduction and innuendo from his works.  I CAN USE THIS.
 In my own life!
 I'll write plays that HINT at how great I am, how smart and sexy and awesome everyone finds me.  Then I just excise every other mention of myself from history, and the plays are the only source left!  They're the only way to learn about the towering mind behind them, this Adonis of authors, this... T-Rex.
 Please.  My first play is called "The Motorist Who Spewed Racial Epithets While Also Spewing Vomit&quot;!
 (It was inspired by an actual motorist I felt terrible about AND for!)
 So, God!
 I was wondering, what happens when you die?
 No no, I mean, what happens when the RHETORICAL "you&quot; dies?
 What happens to ME when I die? Me. Myself!
 Argh! Never try to have a theological discussion with God!
 ALL I WANT TO KNOW IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I DIE
 Alright, that's it. Attention, everyone! I have an announcement to make! I don't know when people started using "brain&quot; as a verb, but i find  I am forced to give it my full endorsement!!
 I think it would be a great idea to write a really convincing essay praising plagiarism, and have significant parts of it plagiarized. Hilarious!
 Looks like this Thursday morning just got filled up!!
 Ahem. Plagiarizing is the act of plagiarizing; taking someone's words or ideas as if they were your own! That's from the dictionary, Dromiceiomimus. I plagiarized it!
 FINE.
 "How do I love plagiarism? Let me count the ways.&quot;
 Ah! You mean like "Plagiarism: the final frontier&quot;?
 "But, soft! what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Plagiarism is the sun&quot;?
 "Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, plagiarizing, fearing&quot;?
 Any machine that travels through time has to be a machine that travels through space as well! I've been saying this for years.
 Because dudes, the Earth is spinning on its axis!
 And it's whipping around the sun, and the sun is rotating in the arm of a galaxy that's also whipping around the Universe. You go back in time without travelling through space, you're likely to find yourself alone in the vacuum, millions of kilometers behind the Earth you left a (relative) instant ago!
 Huh?
 Oh, wow! This means that if we can travel through time, then we can also SCIENTIFICALLY PROVE whether of not someone is actually the centre of the Universe.
 Science keeps surprising me in surprising new ways!
 So let's say I'm a painter, and I've studied really hard and I've worked really hard and I've become one of the best painters in the world. Hooray! Except there's one problem:
 There's nowhere to go but down!
 I've got no new frontiers to challenge! Do I quit while I'm ahead? That seems like a waste of all effort. or do I power throgh and continue painting as my body begins to fail, trying to recall my earlier successes as my work inevitably declines, sliding towards self-parody?
 Explain!
 I have a confession, Utahraptor!
 I was 10 the last I painted! And it was muscley dog doing the splits. And I'm sure Leonardo could have painted it better. And I'm pretty sure I'm talking about the Ninja Turtle there. 
 Aaaaand now I'm certain of it. I am speaking of the ninja teen.
 It's Tuesday, everyone! Let's talk about our bodies!!
 Wooooo
 Okay, my body is big AND tall AND it has many hidden surprises. I wonder which one YOU'LL discover next?
 It's not "Oh gosh oh gosh I didn't know that smell could exist&quot; 24/7! There's good surprises too!
 Honestly, I don't see any flaws!
 I used to be better at imagination
 If I had lived in the past I'd have different beliefs, because I'd have nobody modern around me to teach me anything else!
 FACT.
 And I find it really unlikely that I would come up with all our modern good stuff on my own, running around saying "YOU GUYS! DEMOCRACY IS PRETTY OKAY. ALSO, WOMEN ARE EQUAL TO MEN, AND RACISM? KIND OF A DICK MOVE!&quot;. If I was raised by racist and sexist parents in the middle of a racist and sexist society, I'm pretty certain I'd be racist and sexist! I'm only as enlightened as I am today because I've stood on the shoulders of giants.
 Okay, good!
 But that doesn't make me a terrible person, right? We're judging the past by the standard of the present.
 Right. So that raises the question: IS EVERYONE FROM THAT PERIOD IN HELL, OR IS HEAVEN OVERWHELMINGLY POPULATED BY RACISTS?!
 Don't you mean, "This is why YOU shouldn't think about religion that hard&quot;?
 I have been assuming that our development as a people is linear, moving generally from less to more permissive.  It occurs to me:
 Maybe that isn't always the case!
 Maybe 100 years from now people will look back on us and say "MAN I can't believe they permitted lifestyles different than my own, current lifestyle.  Sheesh!&quot;
 Aw man, do you really think so?  Frig, I'd be TOTALY POOCHED.  I've eaten so many friggin' animals!
 Yeah, but I'm totally the worst.
 Future folks can munch on a carrot, look back on us and say "They were wrong to eat so many tasty animals.&quot;  FINE.  But then when they see the caliber, frequency and verve of MY animal consumption, they'll spit out their carrots in surprise!  And teh carrot chunks are 99% guaranteed to spell out the words &quot;HISTORY'S GREATEST VILLAIN&quot;!
 That's true.  Man!
 The future having different opinions than the present is making it REALLY HARD for me to be popular across all possible timelines.
 Hey everyone, let's kick up our metaphors a notch, okay?  It's time for 800-pound gorillas to become 1000-pound gorillas!
 10,000-pound gorillas!!
 It's time for us to do things three-quarters assed.  Or deci-assed.  If we're doing something femto-assed then why are we even doing it at all?
 We can do whatever we want, Dromiceiomimus!  We can gently tap on the ice.  We can rub our cheeks on the ice.  WE CAN SMASH THROUGH THE ICE WITH A SUPERHEATED NUCLEAR BOMB!!
 And I don't see how that's possible!
 We will not be "rolling in dough&quot;, Utahraptor.  We will be SNOWBOARDING down MOUNTAINS of dough.  Dough will splash up and get in our eyes.  We will have to go to the doctor, and we will say, &quot;You can keep what you pull out of my eyes, Doc.  These days I'm snowboarding down mountains of the stuff.&quot;
 Why didn't he compliment my metaphor
 Forget it! All these personal revelations have left me baffled, disoriented. Values are baseless and nothing can be known or communicated!
 I believe this is called "nihilism&quot;.
 When we abandon illusions, life is revealed as nothing! It is nothing short of absurd!
 There is no objective order to the world: all values are baseless and reasoning is impotent!
 Destruction is the natural response to such a metaphysical collapse!
 GoodBYE, house!
 It is futile to do one's best in an absurd world!
 If we accept that all perspectives are equally non-binding, then intellectual or moral arrogance will determine which perspective has precedence!
 MY APOCALYPTIC TENOR HAS NOT BEEN DISPELLED!
 I can't remember a thing about myself!
 Therefore, I will use deduction to determine my role and place in society.
 Judging by this well-conditioned body - including thighs - and coupled with what I feel intuitively to be an impressive intellect, I can be one thing and one thing alone!
 An astronaut.
 I'm not?
 Seriously?
 Kick ass!
 That's good too!
 What's so great about being an adult?
 Let's consider!
 Adults can eat whatever foods they want, but also have to pay income taxes and manage personal finances, which is Boring and Stupid!
 Adults can own grocery stores, but also have to face the long slow of their body, mind and self!
 Yes!
 Adults can pilot helicopters, but also can marry poorly!
 Utahraptor?
 ...That one made me sad.
 Here are some things that are sad!
 Abandoned puppies, and little birds with a wing in a cast. Aww!
 And then you throw in an orphan with a crutch! And a little girl holding the limp string and rubbery plastic remains of her only birthday gift this year, a balloon with the words "Happy Birthday Naseem!&quot; printed on it. The girl's name is Jenn.
 Brackish, swampy water! And it was tossed to her without warning and now she's drenched.
 Yes!
 A scientist runs up, explaining that dogs and birds can't cry! But, as she examines the animals she discovers that in addition to tear ducts, they have ALSO evolved the ability to experience sadness with an intensity previously unknown on the planet. THE END.
 Here are some things that are joyous!
 Puppies! And little birds with tiny ADORABLE wings!
 And then throw in a happy little girl with a bow in her hair to play with the puppies and the birds. Ooh! And give her a bright blue balloon that's printed with the words, "Congratulations everyone, on curing all diseases!&quot;
 And her THIRD balloon says "Also we replaced hate... with SNUGGLES.&quot;
 Yes!
 Joy has been distilled into a useful gaseous resource! And everyone's so happy that it's basically infinite. We all keep being joyous, and our balloons keep getting more full. When they pop, it's not with a bang, but rather with the intimate sound of a lover's sigh at the end of a rousing session of SEXUAL CONGRESS!!
 SECRETS.
 Do we keep them in order to keep relationships running smoothly?
 Do we share them to cement friendships? Treasure them because we value knowledge, and if the knowledge is privileged then it's even MORE valuable? Create them because we are all hopelessly duplicitous and our public faces and private personas can never be reconciled?
 Yes!
 Those who keep their failings secret appear more perfect, and so we too keep our shames private, in order to bring ourselves up to this impossible standard!
 [[Thinking]] No-one must know I peed on the wall 
 [[Thinking]] No-one must know I bet Utahraptor peed on the wall though
 Flash forwards are a useful storytelling technique! They happen when you-
 Frig, we're all dead!!
 Get the hell out of here, Dromiceiomimus! The Contamination is right behind me!
 I didn't let is loose - it let itself loose! It's self-aware, I'm sure of it, but all it seems to be aware of...
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Thank God I found you! Is there anything we can do?
 No. GOD DAMN IT, no!
 It takes over our minds, our bodies! How do you fight something like that?
Utahraptor: You don't,  you join it. You - embrace it. Don't call us "the Contamination&quot; We just want to... elevate you.
 Leave me alone! Leave me alone, you monsters!!
 - jump ahead to show where actions might lead. It's Foreshadowing taking off her negligee!
Utahraptor: I wish you wouldn't sexualize literary techniques, T-Rex.
 And I wish you wouldn't interrupt my sexualizin', Utahraptor!!
 Plot twists are when you think the murderer was the cape guy, but then it turns out....
 ...the murderer was actually this other cape guy!!
 They also happen when a plant is revealed to ACTUALLY be a ghost plant. Or when Oedipus realizes he's in Oedipus Rex and then stabs out his eyes!
 *gasp*
 Twists upon twists!!
 It's true!
 Sometimes they happen in the middle. Like in romantic comedies when the female lead says "You know what I'M just not that into? NOT BEING INMY GIANT ROBOT SUIT!&quot; and then she walks around in her giant robot suit.
 And then Mr. Darcy shows up in HIS robot suit, and he holds up a sign that says, "Forsooth, I had forgotten I ownned this robot Suitte&quot;?
 Holy crap, Utahraptor! Would it be a plot twist IN MY OWN LIFE to spend all my time rewriting out-of-copyright books??
 Dudes!  It's time to impress my friends with my EXPANSIVE VOCABULARY!
 ...
 Okay, shoot, I know I had something planned here.  What word was I going to use?  S-... "Standard&quot;?
 I - maybe?
 Standard-tastic?
 That's not a real word.
 Okay but the first time actually someone uses that word the world will end!
 I bet that I could be an amazing ballet dancer. In fact... yes. Wait. Yes!
 Yes, I'm certain of it!
Dromiceiomimus: Ballet is hard and takes years of training, T-Rex! To suggest that you could just barge onstage during Swan Lake and just join in is actually kind of offensive to ballet dancers.
 Oh, I know! That's not what I meant. I meant, "I bet that, HAD I SPENT YEARS TRAINING, I could be an amazing ballet dancer&quot;.
 Oh, of course!
 My true meaning was, "I bet that, had I the body type, circumstances, inclination, talent AND training, I could be an amazing ballet dancer.&quot;
 Yep!
 Well, *I* bet that I could be an amazing -- um, guy who walks around and talks shit up?
 Guess who's two hundred years old today? Charles Darwin!
 He invented evolution.
 What?
Dromeceiomimus: Darwin didn't invent evolution, he described it! It existed before he came along. And he's not two hundred years old today, T-Rex! His birthday was two hundred years ago, but he's dead.
 Today is the day Darwin's remains turn two hundred years old!
 FINE!
 Today is the day the raw material in Darwin's body, WHICH HAS SINCE PASSED BACK INTO THE EARTH AND LIKELY BEEN REINCORPORATED INTO MANY LIFE FORMS SINCE, is two hundred years old!
 ARGH
  Ladies and gentlemen of the jury!  I appreciate you giving me the chance to address you.  This whole thing started...
  Yes!
  I'm really excited about this, Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus:  I am too, T-Rex!  It's going to be great.
  I know!  And the best part:  there's NOTHING illegal about it!
  Sure!
  The more the merrier!
  I am too.  I think this will be the best TEAM ESSAY ON THE SIGNIFICANCE OF FRIENDSHIP IN EARLY EASTERN LITERATURE ever!
  So!  In summary and in conclusion, ladies and gentlemen of the jury:
  ...Um, I'm actually not really sure why I'm here?
 I think I'll go for a walk today!
 Uncanny! It's as if I'm seeing the world for the first time!
 This amnesia has given me the wide-eyed innocence of a new-born child!
 I'm filled with wonder and awe at the most casual display of nature's beauty!
 Look at that house! Incredible!
 Everything is precious! The glory of the world astounds me!
 I don't know. . . it just feels right.
 Arguably, yes!
 Okay, so let's assume you know the position of every air molecule in the room.
 Things are going pretty well for you, my friend!
 Someone in the room says something to another person, and then they both leave. Assuming you know exactly how they moved when they left (and therefore how they displaced the air!) then any remaining displacement is due to sound waves. By looking at the location of the air molecules in the empty room, you can reconstruct what was said in the past! Dudes! It's a perfect, UNDETECTABLE listening device!
 LOTS, probably!
 Oh REALLY?
Utahraptor: T-Rex
 Let's say I break the law BUT I had a really good reason for doing it. Maybe I'm Batman!
 MAYBE I'M BATMAN.
 So maybe I'm Batman and I break the law and I get caught but I had a really good reason. I'm going to hope that the police take that into account! I'm BASICALLY going to hope for selective enforcement of the law. But that's kind of a terrible thing to hope for: it puts the law in the hands of an individual police officer, with all their preconceptions and prejudices!
 Not hardly!
 That fails to consider extenuating circumstances, like the fact that maybe I'm Batman! So I'm stuck. I know it's useful to allow the police to make exceptions, but I don't want my freedom dependent on whether I get a nice cop or a mean one!
 S-Several?
  Some people who have never kissed before worry, "What if I'm bad at it?  My sweetie will never want to kiss me again!&quot;
  This is entirely reasonable!
  In the high-stakes world of kissing, there's just no room for second chances.  Luckily for anyone, I can teach you how to kiss! You simply whisper "The inside of your mouth looks a little dry&quot;, lock mouths with your partner, and then, you flood them with your saliva.
  That, Dromiceiomimus, is a very peculiar way to pronounce "erotic&quot;.
  I call it, "The Inundation&quot;.
  No, wait.  "The Deluge&quot;.  &quot;The Monsoon&quot;.  No, &quot;The Happy Swamping&quot;!
  ...FINE.
  Utahraptor!!
  I renamed it to "The Oral Overflow&quot;
 Deinococcus radiodurans is one of the most radiation resistant bacterium ever! It can ALSO survive dehydration, exposure to vacuum, and acid being thrown in its face.
 It is the T-Rex of the animal world!
 You give this guy enough radiation to kill a dinosaur, and it survives. Then you give it 500 times that dose, and it still shrugs it off! Dudes are friggin' NIGH-INVINCIBLE against radiation. Just like, or so I suspect, myself!
 Yep! it pulls this off by protecting its repair enzymes from radiation damage, AND by keeping multiple known-good copies of its DNA!
 Exactly!
 Why would bacteria evolve such effective protection against an entirely nonexistent threat?
 Unless, of course, the threat actually exists...
T-Rext: ... or should I say - ACTUALLY EXISTED??
  The immigrant experience:
  ...what's the deal?
  Well, if you ask ME, I'd say it's the experience of "immigrating&quot;, if you will, to a new country.  Coupled, of course, with the emigrant experience of leaving your old country behind!
  I'm in over my head, Dromiceiomimus!  I've totally barely ever immigrated!
  FINE.
  I'll go learn about immigration, okay?  And then I'll return here in exactly 24 hours and dazzle you with the nuances of my new, hyperinformed opinion synthesized from my own reactions to the many viewpoints I've encountered, alright??
  Excuse me, do you guys have any movies about "the immigrant experience?&quot;  It's an emergency!
  ...Starring Robocop?
  Maaaaaaaaaan
 My new book is called "BILLY THE TEEN! BILLY WAS THE TEEN... WHO LOVED BEING A TEEN!&quot;
 (It's aimed towards teens!)
 So, after clearly being established as a teen, Billy goes off and meets some other teens! They become friends and they hang around outside fast-food restaurants, and sometimes, they go in and get some fast food FROM the restaurant. Later, Billy announces that he just plain loves being a teen! All his friends nod their heads in ready agreement.
 A few pages in, Billy realizes his 20th birthday is coming up!
 He'll no longer be a teen. It's a disaster! He's TERRIFIED. He's waking up in cold sweats. Billy's certain that when he becomes 20 he'll lose something vital of himself.
 And then... he dies of a heart attack!
 But like, 50 years later, you know? Long after he's come to terms with everything. The vast bulk of the book details Billy's entire adult life, and the last page says "The actual title this book is 'Mr. Bill Peterson, Who Came To Terms with His Life Over 60 Years'&quot;.
 Attention, people who are hunting jobs! You are know as "job hunters&quot; and guess what? I have some tips for you, my friends!
 Tip number one is to have a good email address!
 If I were an employer and I had two equally qualified candidates, but one resume came from colin@businesssuccessislifesuccess.com and the other resume came from colin@chumpstakingdumps.com, I know which one I'd want to hire!
 It is without hesitation!
 That business success jerk has the most obnoxious email address ever.
 No man! The other guy surveyed the field of resume email addresses and said, "You know what? It can be done better.&quot; I'm fascinated by him! Who is Colin? And furthermore, what of his Chumps, who it seems are presently Taking Dumps?? I don't know, but I want to offer him a job to find out!
 Hah hah! Awesome!
 ... It's not the guy I made up, though.
 I am generally a pretty easy-going guy! But guys, there's this one thing really boils my potatoes!
 TWEETING.
 Okay, I get that you're using Twitter! SUPER. But I really don't get why we need a new verb for that.. All "tweeting&quot; means is &quot;posting to Twitter&quot;: it's got the same meaning as &quot;post&quot;, except THIS verb can only be used in relation to a single corporate website. That's insane! Corporations invent nouns all the time, and I can accept that, but verbs? Really? Is updating Twitter SO DIFFERENT than updating any other website that we need a whole new word for it?
 Sure have!
 Man! Friggin' English friggin' lets me down friggin' again!!
 Also!
 ...I do believe that last sentence let me down as well
 Somebody please write a really popular song about me, okay?
 And make it really catchy, okay?
 And make sure all the lyrics are really positive, stuff like "Oh T-Rex you're so fine / you're so fine you blow my mind / Oh T-Rex / you are assuredly the best is what I'm communicating here&quot;, okay?
 A #1 song all about how great I am -- It's the best PR imaginable! Folks'll meet me and say, "YOU'RE T-Rex?! Suddenly, arousal washes over me as unstoppably as the ocean tide.&quot;
 Once this song is written I will, anyway!
 Impossible! I'm certain that THIS song will be so good that, for the rest of time, folks will forever say,
 Hey! Hey you, across the street!
 Daaaaang.
 Parking tickets!
 Everyone who loves parking tickets, throw your hands up in the air! Raise the friggin' roof!
 Ah. So everyone's stealing my anti-ticket opinions INSTEAD of raising the roof. That's fine, that's cool.
 But I hate all those things too! HAVE I NEVER HAD AN ORIGINAL THOUGHT IN MY LIFE??
T-Rex (thinking): It would be awesome if popsicles tasted like the stick they're on instead, and then the stick tasted like the flavoured ice
 *phew*
 Dudes!
 Why are there not cyborgs yet?
 Every day we're closer to the future, and YET, every day I have to watch movies to see a cyborg rebelling against purely organic life, instead of just looking out my dang window! It's just - I don't want to have to sit my grandchildren down on my knees, pull them close, and tell them that our generation dropped the ball, so THEY'LL have to be the ones to pull out their eyes and stuff the holes with cameras and little red LEDs.
 This is what I'm saying!
 Nope! As the sayings go, "Claims of cyborgnicity are lies until you can see incandescent red eyes&quot;, and &quot;All cyborgs are null until you can see a chrome, gleaming partially exposed skull&quot;
 I have always thought them to be remarkably poorly constructed sayings
 Cell phones built into your friggin' hands!
 IT'S THE FUTURE!
 You'll think, "Hey, I wanna call Ricky!&quot; and then, digits will glow on your palm. you punch them in and then make your hand into a phone shape! Talk into your pinkie while listening on your thumb, and when you're done, you just mime hanging up! That's the future, my friends. Cell phones built into our friggin' hands!
 Um, in the future it will ALSO be very easy to PRETEND you have a cell phone.
Utahraptor: I'm afraid you're making the #1 mistake in predicting the future, T-Rex!
 What's that?
 !
 Is that racist??
 Okay, so I've been down on poems in the past. I MAY have been heard to remark "Guys, poetry bloetries.&quot; But I've just discovered:
 Poems likely predate the written word!
 It makes sense when you think about it. Before writing, the only way to keep track of something is to memorize it! And if you're memorizing something in POEM form, then you can automatically incorporate structure to the language: say, rhyming couplets. And that structure gives you something to jog your memory if you forget! The result is that structured narrative poetry can be much easier to remember than just free verse.
 Yes!
 And this is why I feel bad! I didn't know that I was making fun of one of the Elder Gods of language! I thought I was making fun of "The smelly dog who pooed / Has spied me in the nude&quot;.
 I promise it!!
 The smelly dog who pooed / Has spied me in the nude / I say to him "Hark! Who goes?&quot;
 I think the smell comes out his nose
 Conceptual metaphors are those that allow us to understand one idea in terms of another! They inform the language we use when talking about all sorts of concepts, and are almost subconscious.
 For example: "LIFE IS A JOURNEY&quot;!
 People use this metaphor all the time, all talkin' about "going places in life,&quot; &quot;getting a head start in life,&quot; &quot;being at a crossroads,&quot; and so on. It's so entrenched that to talk about life using another metaphor seems odd! For example, saying &quot;I've saved $3.55 in life&quot; sounds weird, but only because I'm using the much less popular &quot;LIFE IS A DISCOUNT STORE WITH SALES THAT CAN OCCASIONALLY BE TAKEN ADVANTAGE OF&quot; metaphor.
 Oh, tons!
 "Burning with desire and &quot;warming up to someone&quot;? That's &quot;AFFECTION IS HEAT.&quot; &quot;Falling behind&quot; at work before &quot;catching up&quot;? &quot;SCHEDULES ARE MOVING OBJECTS.&quot; &quot;You're in my way,&quot; &quot;Get out of my way,&quot; and, ARGUABLY, &quot;I've lost my way&quot;? That's the classic &quot;DIRECTION IS A BUCKET THAT PEOPLE KEEP SNEAKING INTO.&quot;
 In conclusion, cognitive linguists love conceptual metaphors because they allow us to describe direction as an intensely desirable giant bucket.
 The end!
 Lampshade hanging is when you've got something hella dumb in your story, but then Shakespeare shows up and says "Forsooth, guys, that's dumb&quot; and then the audience accepts it!
 BECAUSE WHO WOULD ARGUE WITH FRIGGIN' SHAKESPEARE??
 Shakespeare has drawn attention to the hella dumb, and in doing so, addresses and placates audience concern!
 It doesn't hurt!  If a random character says "that's dumb&quot;, I'll listen.  But if SHAKESPEARE says it, I'm spitting out my drink and saying &quot;Wow, Shakespeare!!  I'd better listen to THIS line of dialogue right away!&quot;
 Shakespeare, you should have a line that says "Forsooth, if this were in a play, I'd want my tuppence back!&quot;
 Ssh!  Come closer!
 I know yet more secrets!
 Yet more SECRETS of the MEDICAL PROFESSION!
 Okay, so let's say you're a dude or lady who often is called upon to perform CPR on someone in cardiac arrest.  Nice.  YOU'RE A HANDY PERSON TO HAVE AROUND.  When performing CPR, you're aiming for 100 chest compressions per minute, but this is an awkward rate to hit.  HOWEVER, if you hum Queen's "Another One Bites The Dust&quot;, you'll be fine!  The song is simple, catchy, memorable, AND has a steady beat that runs, as it turns out, at exactly 100 beats a minute.
 Quite possibly!
 And if I ever need to perform CPR on you, you can bet I'LL be belting it out at the top of my lungs.
 No worries, man!  I've got your back.  Listen.  It'll be a great show.
 Although, I MIGHT change the lyrics to "Hey there guys / You know what would be great? / If this guy / would cardiopulmonarily resuscitate&quot;
 We share the laughter AND the tears, Utahraptor.
 Guys, there are basically a billion different ways to make new friends!
 Okay there are at least two ways to make new friends. One way is to look at the friends your existing friends already have, and then pick out/up the most awesome ones from those! This algorithm allows you to grow your network of friends in much the same way that ANY NUMBER of deadly diseases reproduce!
 True!
 And that brings us to method one: online dating!
 Not NECESSARILY: Look up profiles, find someone interesting and date 'em, and then say that you "just want to be friends&quot;! Kapow: INSTANT FRIENDSHIP THAT'LL LAST A LIFETIME.
 No deceit with me, baby! I use the lines sincerely!
 If I just want to be friends, I just want to be friends! And if I'm saying "It's not you, it's me&quot;, then I'm also saying. &quot;Frig, man, I've got to go pull myself together! I'm dropping the ball here, and it's REALLY not fair to you.&quot;
 "P.S. Let's make out.&quot;
 There are tons of phrases in the English language that I can never use because they've already been claimed by someone else!
 What the heck English?
 If I want to give a very serious and momentous speech about the history of war, I can! But if I also want it to begin with "Now this is a story all about how some lives got flipped, turned upside down&quot;? I CAN'T. It is a perfectly awesome introductory phrase that is forbidden to me - unless I'm cool with my audience and being distracted by thoughts of young Willard Smith! Fresh Prince used scorched earth tactics when withdrawing from the phrase.
 It doesn't work!
 Even if I'M ignoring it, my audience won't know to! I'll be explaining the origins of conflict as hard as I friggin' can, but they'll all be hopelessly distracted by thoughts of chillin' out, maxin' out, relaxin' all cool and all shooting some b-ball outside of the school!
 The history of war is a journey. A narrative. A story that, at its core, is all about how some lives become turned upside-down by conflict: "flipped&quot; if you will.
 FRIG IT'S STILL A REFERENCE.
 Alright everyone!
 Let's do our friggin' TAXES!
 Woooo
 So um it appears taxes are not as fun as I expected.
 Dromiceiomimus, I expected nothing less than the fun of a job well done!
 Man, who can say?
 There's no feedback at the end: no "B+ try harder next time&quot;, no &quot;PURR-FECT WORK&quot; sticker and then there's a picture of a cat!
 There's just the knowledge that audits can happen for any reason, AND the knowledge that there's no statute of limitations for tax fraud, even accidental, and that the only other crime with such status is MURDER.
 Woooo
 Did you know that St. Patrick used to be associated with the color BLUE?
 It's true! You travel back in time to the 1200s and you say "What color goes with St. Patrick?&quot; and they'll answer &quot;blue&quot;! Eventually. First you'll need to figure out how to communicate with the people there: their vowels will sound all crazy to your ears. Plus, assuming you're in an English speaking part of the world- and there were a lot fewer of them then- the language was way more Germanic than what you're used to.
 You're right in the middle of Middle English, my friend!
 But not until the 1400s, so if you're in the 1200s and nobody understands you, you could always wander around, find another dialect group, and try again!
 Anyway yeah now St. Patrick's color is green
 I have no plans for tonight.  Will this TRULY be another night of staying in, solitude, and quiet contemplation of my life thus far?
 Forget that!!
 Dromiceiomimus, let's do something tonight!  Something awesome!
 Something!  ANYTHING.  We're awesome AND we have disposable income - why do we have dull evenings?  Why aren't we taking helicopter rides to the grocery store?  Why aren't we WHITE WATER RAFTING into our friggin' jobs?
Utahraptor: Wow.  Today is the day you become old, T-Rex!
 Not true!!
 ...
 daaaaaamn
 Man, I'm not old! I do tons of stuff that's not old people stuff! Do old people knock back extremely sour gumballs like they were regular gumballs?
 If they do, they're not doing it around me!
 Do old people stomp on things in their way instead of walking slowly around them? Do old people solve their problems with their fists? I have never seen an elderly gentleman solve problems with his fists! 
 Then you must not've been looking, Dromiceiomimus! My left fist is called "Plan B&quot; because it solves so many problems!
 "Plan C!&quot;
 It's put into action in the event that Plan B fails. ONLY IT'S NEVER BEEN USED BECAUSE PLAN B NEVER FAILS!!
 Yep! I'm young because MY body parts still have nicknames.
 ... Man, it would have been way funnier if I'd nicknamed my WEINER "Plan B&quot;! Every time someone said &quot;Let's take a close look at Plan B&quot;, I could've laughed and laughed!
 *sigh*
 If someone were to ask me what my favourite suffix is, I would answer them without hesitation: "-cracy&quot;!
 IT TURNS ANYTHING INTO A GOVERNMENT.
 If you really like sandwiches, all you have to do is think "sandwichocracy&quot;, and hey presto, your ideal system of government is right there! If you love yourself, an autocracy is what's perfect for you, mister! And et's say you love action figures.
 WHY THE HECK NOT??
 Any day, my friend!
 You could say, "Hey, imagine something awesometastic&quot; and I can say, &quot;Wait, imagine an awesomeocracy instead!&quot; and then everyone will imagine my thing instead because it's better. Plus, &quot;-cracy&quot; INCLUDES &quot;-tastic&quot;. All sandwichocracies are sandwichtastic, but not all things sandwichtastic are a sandwichocracy!
 I would tell you it's been a rousing success!!
 Let's say I decide to say a word only once in my ENTIRE life. That's a hapax legomenon!
 Hapax legomenons are words that are only said once by someone! They're also words that only appear once a book, or even once in the ENTIRE RECORDS OF A LANGUAGE. Like "gopherwood&quot;! It only shows up ONCE in both the Bible AND in the entire writtern record of Classical Hebrew. That's one heck of a hapax!
 Nobody knows! It's a kind of wood? Probably?
 It's there because God's all "NOAH BUILD AN ARK OUT OF GOPHERWOOD OKAY&quot; but now we're all, &quot;what? Um, maybe he meant cypress wood? Did somebody transcribe this friggin' poorly?&quot; It's cool how unlikely we are to ever discover anything new about a hapax!
 YES ITS PRECISE MEANING WILL FOREVER REMAIN A MYSTERY
 It's not that hard to be creative!  But sometimes when I come up with a joke, I find out it's already been invented in the past, and it's always by the same dead guy!  I now have a beef with this dead person.  You'd best watch out...
 ...OSCAR WILDE!
 Man, Oscar!  Here's a guy who's been taking the credit for TONS of great jokes that I would have come up with if he hadn't done so first.  Telling a border guard "I have nothing to declare except my genius&quot;?  I TOTALLY WOULD'VE COME UP WITH THAT IF IT HAD NOT ALREADY BEEN COME UP WITH.  &quot;I'm not young enough to know everything&quot;?  THAT PROBABLY WOULD'VE BEEN MY BON MOT.  Wilde's the most egregious preemptive plagiarizer of my funny jokes ever!
Utahraptor: You're not mad at Oscar Wilde, T-Rex!
 Pretty sure I am, Utahraptor!
 Huh.  Okay, I'LL be the guy who's mad at all the UNWARRANTED credit Wilde gets, then.
 FRIG.
 ...I'm going home to never do anything original again, okay?
 What doesn't kill you only makes you stronger!
 Is that... medicine?
 I know it doesn't work in all cases, or maybe even MOST cases, but it works with vaccination, right? A weaker version of the disease teaches your body to fight the real deal.  So what I'm wondering is if I ate something disgusting, does that, you know... level me up for some REALLY insanely disgusting things in the future?
 Both, I guess!
 There were some dead moths in my cereal this morning, and I'm hoping there's some way I can turn this into a positive event.
 Attention, please, everyone! I've done some reading about the brain and I discovered there's a part of it called the "amygdala&quot;!
 And the amygdala is responsible for FEAR RESPONSE!
 This is amazing! I had NO IDEA fear was localized to a single location. This opens up whole new avenues in the field of toughening up the very scareable: just open up their brain and remove their amygdala, and it's an instant fearectomy! They'll wake up from surgery, shake your hand, laugh in the face of danger, and then get business cards that say "PHYSICALLY UNABLE TO EXPERIENCE FEAR&quot;.
Utahraptor: That's like solving a problem of high blood pressure by removing the heart, T-Rex!
 Only analogously!
 Hah! NOT A PROBLEM. You know all I've ever learnt from feelings?
 "Being sad sucks&quot;
 I know that getting a transplant is serious business, and that it can be a traumatic event.
 But it's also kind of awesome!
 If you've got a transplant, it's like you've leveled up!  AS A PERSON.  The rest of us are stuck with the genes we were born with, but you've got SELECTION.  You're made out of the best parts of other people!
 It's the BEST way of looking at it!  Plus, anyone who's had a limb or organ transplant is way more mysterious.
 Listen.  I can tell you what my left hand has been up to for most of my life.
 But if I had a transplant, I'd have no idea.  There'd be a part of my body with a WHOLE DIFFERENT HISTORY than the rest of me: how is that not awesome?
 I imagine it'd raise some issues of WHAT AWESOME THINGS MY HAND HAS BEEN UP TO!
 Oh man!!  Imagine if my LIVER came from an axe murderer?  MINE WOULD BE THE LIVER THAT'S DANGEROUS TO KNOW, and my philosophy would be "If you're not interesting, at least have parts of you that are!&quot;
 ...Hey, do you want to swap feet sometime?
 I know that getting a transplant is serious business, and that it can be a traumatic event.
 But it's also kind of awesome!
 If you've got a transplant, it's like you've leveled up!  AS A PERSON.  The rest of us are stuck with the genes we were born with, but you've got SELECTION.  You're made out of the best parts of other people!
 It's the BEST way of looking at it!  Plus, anyone who's had a limb or organ transplant is way more mysterious.
 Listen.  I can tell you what my left hand has been up to for most of my life.
 But if I had a transplant, I'd have no idea.  There'd be a part of my body with a WHOLE DIFFERENT HISTORY than the rest of me: how is that not awesome?
 I imagine it'd raise some issues of WHAT AWESOME THINGS MY HAND HAS BEEN UP TO!
 Oh man!!  Imagine if my LIVER came from an axe murderer?  MINE WOULD BE THE LIVER THAT'S DANGEROUS TO KNOW, and my philosophy would be "If you're not interesting, at least have parts of you that are!&quot;
 ...Hey, do you want to swap feet sometime?
 No, what news?
 Amazing!
 Man!
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex, I wanted you to know: I won a little bit of money in the lottery and I want to share it with you!
 Really? This isn't just an Apr-
 Maaan!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, do you want to go visit the chocolate factory?
 Yes, I do!!
 This is a total reasonable thing for us to do. It is ENTIRELY PLAUSIBLE. Even if you meant it as a joke, let's just do it! Let's go visit the chocolate factory!
 MAAAAAAN!!
 Attention, lexographers!!
 Instead of April Fools' Day, we ought to call it "Disappointment Wednesday&quot;
 many jokes begin with this line. It is called the "set-up&quot;, and is analogous to establishing-shots in films or first paragraphs in essays.
 It alerts the audience that what follows is likely to be a short story with a humorous climax!
 What is the attraction to this structure of humor? Why are there so many jokes about men walking into bars?
 Part of the attraction to this structure may be its possibilities: most anything can happen in a bar, especially if this bar is contained within the wild and wooly world of the verbal jest.
 Good question!
 The joke assumes some sophistication on the part of the audience, an expectation gleamed from previous jokes that the bar is a drinking establishment.
 The "ouch&quot; is startling. How could entering a bar hurt? It forces us to now re-evaluate our most basic assumptions.
 We must ask ourselves, "What if the bar were a bar proper, and by walking into it the man actually, physically walked into it?&quot;
 It is this confusion on the part of the listener that is responsible for the humor!
 Here are some phrases that we need to be saying more often, cats and kittens!
 See? I'M ALREADY HELPING.
 People should compliment me on my smokin' bod more often! I WILL GLADLY DO THE SAME.
Dromiceiomimus: You have a smokin' bod, T-Rex!
 THANK YOU, Dromiceiomimus! You have a smokin' bod as well!
T-Rex/Dromiceiomimus: Wooo!
 And how!
 Nothing bad ever happens when you eat the whole thing, you guys! It doesn't matter what thing it is. I've NEVER had negative consequences from doing this.
 None that I care to remember, Utahraptor!!
 Hey. It'll be better for all of us if we just find out who's doing it.
 Hey, here's a fact! Power ballads are the best sort of ballads. FACT. 
 Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes have had the times of their respective lives! They're each the one thing the other can't get enough of - this could be love, Dromiceiomimus!
 NEVER!!
 INTENSE!
 Once upon a time Bonnie Tyler was falling in love, but now she's only falling apart!
 Hello?? It's a total eclipse of the heart!
 Lou Gramm wants to know what love is. He also wants to feel what love is. Finally, he wants you to show him what love is.
 Lou Gramm, ladies and gentlemen!
 So I am a guy who is really afraid of going crazy. I don't want to go crazy, okay guys??
 OKAY.
 And I think I've figured out what part of my fear is about: causation! There's tons of mental illnesses where we can't find any reason for them to be happening and have no idea what's causing them. NOBODY KNOWS WHAT CAUSES SCHIZOPHRENIA. You can just wake up one day and say, oh damn dudes, I've got schizophrenia! HOW IS THAT NOT TERRIFYING?
Utahraptor: Physical diseases are like that too, T-Rex!
 What? No they're not!
 SERIOUSLY?
 Oh my god being a physical being is such total baloney!
 Today is the day I remove the word "prejudice&quot; from my idiolect and replace it with the word &quot;racist&quot;!
 YES.
 Now if someone says "T-Rex, I just don't like apples&quot;, I'll say &quot;Hey, That's RACIST.&quot; and when they say &quot;What? That's not racist!&quot; I'll reply with &quot;The very fact that you're denying that it's racist is EVEN MORE RACIST!&quot;
 Will I be the most popular person ever? I can only speculate that the answer is yes!!
 Oh my god! SO RACIST.
 Everyone can hate apples, not just minorities! The very fact that you'd jump to that conclusion shows that you TRULY ARE history's greatest racist!
 Maybe next time you can do it by not DABBLING IN RACISM??
 Attention, audio diary!
 Nobody comes to my friggin' parties anymore
 Am I ever prepared for a mid-life crisis!  I'm seriously ready.
 BRING IT ON!
 Dromiceiomimus, I'm awesome!  If I wake up one morning and think "What have I ever done with my life, have I ever really accomplished anything, OH GOD&quot;, then that thought will be followed by &quot;Wait I forgot how awesome I am! NEVERMIND.&quot;
 Impossible! A mid-life crisis is a crisis of confidence, and if there's one thing I've got, it's confidence!
 YES. Confidence in who I am, what I've done and where I'm going. And if there's two things I've got, it's confidence AND a bunch of burgers to eat when I get home! So do you wanna come over and eat burgers tonight or what, Utahraptor?
 Excellent!
 If there's THREE things I've got, it's confidence, burgers, and the mantra that "As bad as today gets, soon my stomach will be brimming with beef.&quot;
 A creation myth! Frig!
 THAT's what separates me from most major religions!
 Dromiceiomimus, you gotta help me. I need a creation myth!
 No no, it needs to be epic! It needs to stand up against stories from EVERY RELIGION EVER.
 Better!
 And yet, somehow worse!
 Yep!
Utahraptor: Okay, but - the reason religions have creation myths is that they're addressing huge questions with no obvious answer. "Where did we all come from?&quot; Everyone's pondered that question! &quot;Where did that T-Rex guy come from?&quot; is really only pondered by the other guy in the bathroom stall.
 I GOT IT, THANKS
 Today is a good day I think for thanking my friends for their friendship!
 Friendship Tuesday, everyone!!
 Dromiceiomimus, I'm really glad we're friends. I like how we hang out and I like that we've shared so much together. So- thanks!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I'm glad we're friends too! I like that we can talk about things without worrying about how it might look to someone else.
 Excellent!
 And I'm glad WE'RE friends as well, Utahraptor!
 Super! I've never said this, but I love how when you come over for dinner you always bring some wine. It's old-school classiness!
Utahraptor: My pleasure, T-Rex! I enjoy how when YOU come over, you always say "Thank you for inviting me into your home.&quot; It always sounds sincere!
 I haven't forgotten! I was just, um, going to thank everyone else on the planet first?
Voice: T-Rex, I want you to meet my friend Gary. Gary, this is T-Rex.
 Pleased to meet you!
Gary: T-Rex, this is Gary Horses
 Dromiceiomimus, I had no idea that "Horses&quot; was available as a last name. Me. Horses? I could be Mr. Horses? Why was I not told I could be Mr. Horses?
 Yeah, but I didn't know "Horses&quot; was an actual option! We live in a world where &quot;Horses&quot; is a real last name. How''d I miss that one?
 They're alright! They get by!
 Please. When would I ever be likely to see him again?
Voice" T-Rex, you remember my friend Gary Horses.
 OMG MY GOD!
 I CAN'T BELIEVE I TOTALLY FORGOT HOW AWESOME YOUR NAME WAS
 I'm going to say the word "baloney&quot;, so everyone who doesn't want to hear the word &quot;baloney&quot; should stop listening because here comes the word &quot;baloney&quot;.
 Taste is kind of baloney, you guys!
 Delicious food is delicious, no matter how good or bad it is for me! Wouldn't it be so much better if how good a food tasted to me depended on how good the food was FOR me? Chocolate would taste worse the more I gorge on it, until I stopped out of disgust. And if I haven't had any vitamin A in a while, carrots would taste like friggin' MANNA.
 Sure!
 But it's a feedback loop: your own body is training you on what it needs through the medium of taste! Eventually you'd know your own nutritional needs by PURE INTUITION.
 This is what I'm saying!
 Wow, everyone should've just listened to me in the past because I still totally agree with what I was saying!
 It seems that, despite the "euphemisms&quot; available to them, folks are still discussing feelings in a frank and straightforward manner. Please! You know why our ancestors crawled out of the ocean?
 I'm pretty sure it was to avoid these talks!!
 With that in mind, I now present more "euphemisms&quot; to allow you to get by in society!
 For example, instead of saying "I feel afraid&quot;, you can say &quot;Aw crap! I think I've discovered a weakness in myself.&quot; And instead of &quot;I love you!&quot;, just say &quot;I have found another weakness; please, excuse me.&quot;
Utahraptor: Love isn't a weakness, T-Rex. It's a strength!
 Please avoid such crass language, Utahraptor!
 Instead of that, you COULD'VE said, "Love isn't a w- hey, where are the warp whistles in Mario 3?&quot; and I would have replied &quot;There's three! The first is found in the third level: crouch on the last white block until you fall through, and then run to the end.&quot;
 "The second is at the end of the first fortress: fly above where the door is. The third is found by beating the Fire Bros hiding behind the rock at the eastern side of World 2!&quot;
 Utahraptor. They're quite the whistles.
 It seems that, despite the "euphemisms&quot; available to them, folks are still discussing feelings in a frank and straightforward manner. Please! You know why our ancestors crawled out of the ocean?
 I'm pretty sure it was to avoid these talks!!
 With that in mind, I now present more "euphemisms&quot; to allow you to get by in society!
 For example, instead of saying "I feel afraid&quot;, you can say &quot;Aw crap! I think I've discovered a weakness in myself.&quot; And instead of &quot;I love you!&quot;, just say &quot;I have found another weakness; please, excuse me.&quot;
Utahraptor: Love isn't a weakness, T-Rex. It's a strength!
 Please avoid such crass language, Utahraptor!
 Instead of that, you COULD'VE said, "Love isn't a w- hey, where are the warp whistles in Mario 3?&quot; and I would have replied &quot;There's three! The first is found in the third level: crouch on the last white block until you fall through, and then run to the end.&quot;
 "The second is at the end of the first fortress: fly above where the door is. The third is found by beating the Fire Bros hiding behind the rock at the eastern side of World 2!&quot;
 Utahraptor. They're quite the whistles.
 I feel odd.. as if my amnesia is wearing off!
 Uncanny! All my memories are flooding back in a torrent of life and history!
 I remember this tiny house and car! I liked to stomp on them regularly! Like so!
 And I remember you, Dromiceiomimus!
 Do I ever!
 And I remember this tiny woman! I remember I liked to stomp on her!
 Holy! How'd you do that thing with your voice just now?!
 Seriously, it makes me feel like doing whatever you say!
 At the instant you were born, you were the absolute pinnacle of our planet's development!
 Millions of years of evolution were all leading up to that one amazing moment of your birth!  Billions of individuals - entire SPECIES - had risen and fallen, all conspiring together to produce one thing: you!
 ... Then you went ahead and lost any specialness from that a second later when someone else was born.  Nice one.
 Yes!
 And you consider this information so irrelevant that you forgot it almost as soon as it was known.
 Untold volumes of information have been forgotten by you!  As they fade unnoticed from your memory, so too do they fade from the Universe.  Each future generation has been robbed of this knowledge, expunging it, as you have, completely from existence.
 YOU ARE SPECIAL.
 I had a really good time on the swimming trip you planned!
 Normally when we get together we all see a movie or something, but it was a great idea to go swimming.  I had a great time, and I'm sure we all enjoyed the decadence of swimming in an indoor pool when it's still chilly outside.  Let's do it again sometime!  Thank you for setting this up.
 Okay, listen, I kinda walked in on you while changing and I saw your naked crotch.
 I don't want to comment on whether or not it was a nice naked crotch!  It was fine.  I only looked out of some weird instinct.  I think we've all got it.
 Anyway I felt bad, so here's a card.
 Once upon a time there was this really great cereal. It was oats in the shape of an "o&quot;, sweetened, and inside the &quot;o&quot;s there were clusters of tasty nuts.
 It was SO good!
 And then they took the cereal off the market and this little kid could never find it again. Okay, it was me. I was the kid. I looked and looked and was convinced all the grocery stores were hiding it somewhere. But it was gone, and that one box of the cereal was all I ever had. I never stopped looking, however, and yesterday I found it - under a different name, but with all the same ingredients!
 WAY too sweet, Utahraptor.
 It wasn't too my taste at ALL. And the kicker is I remembered it as being even sweeter! I realized that my tastes had changed long ago - that I'd never again be able to enjoy the cereal I remembered so vividly. I'd been chasing a dream that had somehow become impossible when I wasn't looking.
 And for who? For a child I knew decades ago, a child who had long since faded into adulthood - into me. Anyway bottom line I had to see food go to waste so I poured the rest through your mail slot.
 Icarus and his dad were imprisoned on an island with water patrols, so they couldn't escape by boat. But they still wanted to escape anyway, so they made wings out of wax and feathers and flew away.
 Pretty clever, boys!!
 And while they were flying, his dad warned Icarus not to fly too close to the sun, because the wax in his wings would melt and he'd fall to his death! Icarus said "Frig, is this symbolic of how we mortals should not aspire to usurp the power of the Gods? Is this an allegory showing the limits and folly of earthly invention? Because we just invented heavier-than-air flight out of WAX and FEATHERS, Dad. I think maybe the Gods won't mind.&quot;
 And then Icarus flew straight up!
 So Icarus had a great time flying and when he finally landed his dad said "Wow, I sure was wrong&quot;, and they spent the rest of their lives flying just as close to the sun as their clever mechanical wings would take them. Kids! The moral is never listen to your elders!!
 If I changed my name to "Well and Good&quot;, then if I was killed and mangled in a horribly brutal death, the inspector on the scene could chuckle and nudge his friend and say &quot;Hey. I suppose this is MOSTLY Well and Good?&quot;
 Hilarious!
 Plus, if people saw me on the street they could say "Hey, it's all Well and Good!&quot;, except that they wouldn't actually say the &quot;all&quot;, so it would just be &quot;Hey, it's Well and Good&quot;, which doesn't really work.
 ...Alright, I've decided. I'm not going to change my name if it ONLY works in the event of my horrific death, Dromiceiomimus.
 I am!
 That's - that's a really good point, Utahraptor. Alright. No more joke names.
 Everyone! If I was called T-Tex I could wear big Texas hat all the time!!
 THIS IS NO JOKE
 I am a man who enjoys eating a barbecued pork chop now and again and then a few times more.
 There's no shame in that!
 And if you are a man - OR a woman, Dromiceiomimus! - who shares my love for tasty barbecued meat, then you should come over tonight and we'll have a barbecue!
Dromiceiomimus: You can barbecue vegetables, T-Rex. I'll bring some vegetables and I'll show you how!
 FINE
Utahraptor: You can also barbecue whole chickens, T-Rex!
 Oh man, and you'll bring some chickens and show me how?
 EXCELLENT. It's going to be a meat and smoke orgy, Utahraptor. I'm pretty sure we'll end up eating one of ALL of God's creatures, which reminds me, I should invite God to this!
 Oh daaaaaamn! I'm at the absolute peak of my fried chicken cycle, dudes!
 Every eight months or so I really want some fried chicken, the greasier the better. Then, I eat the fried chicken, and THEN, that itch is totally scratched! But it never lasts, and my desire begins to grow again, culminating eight months later, when guys, I could SERIOUSLY go for some fried chicken.
 The cycle continues regardless!
 It's a force of nature. I'm actually proud of it, because most men don't know what having a mammalian menstrual cycle is like - but I do! You know what it's like?
 It is entirely analogous to wanting some delicious fried chicken, once every two-thirds of a year.
 What the heck, Oxford English Dictionary?!
 I could've SWORN that "unsay&quot; was something a person can actually do.
 Wow! The plants are nice and the birds are singing and the sun is almost down from the top of the sky.
 What a beautiful day!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex, what if beauty is nothing but an illusion? What if we're all nothing but dreams within dreams that, for an instant, imagine themselves to be real?
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: OH SHIIIIIIII-
 No worries, Utahraptor! With two cheques, if you put the right cheque in the wrong envelope, you'd have a problem. But the wrong cheque in the wrong envelope is logically equivalent to the right cheque in the right envelope!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! That's not what I meant!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: OH SHIIIIIIIIII-
 Um - "What's shake-a-lakin', past dude?&quot;
 I need time to think of what I'd say to my younger self.  What would you say, Dromiceiomimus?
 Really? That's a little too after-school special for me and my past self.
 Not bad!
 But that's already implied by the medium itself. I suppose I could take advantage of the "one sentence&quot; policy and compose the longest most complex sentence ever, and pour my heart into it.
 But what to say? What to say?
 Man!
 BUT I WAS ALREADY ASSUMING THAT
 We'd all be a heck of a lot more productive if work was as entertaining as - you know, entertainment! In particular, I'd be a lot better off if learning accounting was as relentlessly entertaining as learning, I don't know...
 ...of the sexual histories of friends and acquaintances, PERHAPS??
 Heck, if being a responsibly and productive member of the community was as entertaining as turning on the TV and seeing Batman punch someone in the junk, I'd be all over that!
 Both at the same time, Dromiceiomimus!
 Actually, no!
 Such an approach is doomed from the start. Don't you think generations of parents have tried this? Despite their best efforts, cleaning a room is never as fun as making it messy again. And when we grow up, digging a ditch is never as fun as - I don't know, the opposite of digging a ditch.
 Digging a ditch is never as fun piling things onto a small ridge by the side of the road.
 Today is a good day I think for going for - oh shoot! 
 I forgot about my dentist's appointment! 
 Damn damn damn.  I can't call now and reschedule because I'll have to admit that I forgot entirely. 
 Then I'll probably have to explain that I had amnesia and the dentist will think I'm crazy. 
 I do indeed! 
Utahraptor: He's not really your friend, T-Rex! 
 But. . . Dr. Cohen! 
 He always seemed so enthusiastic!
 I was doing a search on my name and discovered that there's ANOTHER guy called "T-Rex&quot; out there!
 And he's a VEGAN!
 HILARIOUS.
 Oh man, are they?
 Ah, no, it's hilarious because he's the opposite of me! He's a vegan while I'm adding meat to my milkshakes. When I'm high fiving people left and right, he's sitting around just leaving 'em hanging!
 When I'm taking a beautiful woman to dinner, he's helping a homely man throw up! When I'm writing a beautiful narrative, he's writing Koopa Troopa fan fiction.
 I know, right?
 I'm not sure how that happened
 Tattoos are insurance policies!  They're ways of reserving who you are now for the rest of your life.
 And I present proof!  Proof by explaining what I just said!
 When you get a tattoo, you're getting pictures or words - or both!  - written right onto your flesh permanently, assuming you don't remove or alter them.  And pictures or words are really just communication, and communication is really just ideas in transit, right?  So a tattoo is really just Present You telling Future You "Look, this was important to me, so um, I kinda made sure you're not going to forget it.&quot;
 Exactly!
 If I get a Koopa Troopa tattoo, I know that no matter what happens to me in the future, no matter what jobs I take or interests I develop, I'll always be, AT MINIMUM, the sort of guy who has a Koopa Troopa burned into his flesh.
 Or a Koopa Para-troopa.  Whatever.
 They're the ones with wings!
 Today is special because today is the day I show everyone how manly I am. Today is the day I punch out the friggin' sun!!
 Aw nuts!
 Not bad!
 Um, hello, BORING
 I'm - I'm not sure I understand?
 I have a favourite video game company, WHICH SHALL NOT BE NAMED, but which has been working on the same game for the past 12 years. And they just closed down!
 Without releasing the friggin' game!
 I feel strong - feelings, Dromiceiomimus! I think it's some shock, some anger, but mostly disappointment! 12 years of a life is a long time.
 And then some! I've been waiting for this game to come out for my entire adult life. Wow.
Utahraptor: There are worse things to happen that a video game not coming out, T-Rex! 
 Obviously!
 But this COLOURS them all, you know? The food chain collapses, you can bet I'm gonna say "Man, this SUCKS!&quot; But now i'm ALSO going to say, &quot;Plus, my game never came out!!&quot;
 Friiiiig
 Hey, my game eventually came out! FINALLY. Things are looking up!
 Oh yeah!
 Friiiiig
 Robin Hood was a guy who lived in a forest with some of his chums.  Guys, he made tree forts!
 He ALSO stole form the rich and gave to the poor!
 He made tree forts AND crimes.  And the Sheriff of Nottingham didn't like this one bit!  He was a good sheriff who believed in the rule of law and the court system.  He took his job and his sheriff school degree very seriously and always did his best.  He said, "Not only will I arrest Robin Hood for 'robbin' from rich people, but I will also sword fight him if he wants, and I will marry his girlfriend. I really hope that will teach him to obey the law!&quot;
 HECK NO.
 Robin's girlfriend didn't want to marry the Sheriff, and then to make matters worse, Robin Hood killed the Sheriff and his men!  The Sheriff's last words were "I'm sorry I could never convince you, Robin, to work for positive change from within the system.&quot;
 DANG I got that all backwards
 Hello everybody!  If you stopped having relationships, maybe you'd stop having relationship problems!
 Okay anyway!
 Let's say you've got a problem with your partner: THAT SUCKS.  But you two should talk about it, and if you can't reach a solution, resolution or compromise that's mutually satisfying and that you both believe will be acceptably implemented, then you should break up!  It is a fail-proof algorithm for relationship satisfaction.  Tada!
 Of course not!
 OBVIOUSLY, if you value the relationship and it's potential future more than the sum of this problem plus all previous problems, then you should stay together!  I folded that into "mutually satisfying&quot;.
 All relationship problems ever: TOTALLY SOLVED??
 Dear audio diary: sometimes I worry that the only thing I'm not great at is modesty!
 However!
 These thoughts are, at best, infrequent
 A narrative hook is when you introduce a story with something incredible so your audience will keep reading!  It happens when you're told that in this comic... SPIDER-MAN!  WILL!!  DIE!!!
 Setting, themes, and basically anything else can ALSO be used as a narrative hook, but they're all pale imitations of Spider-Man's death being announced on the first friggin' page!  Compare and contrast "As the bullet sped towards his eye, Neil wryly observed that things probably couldn't get any worse!&quot; with &quot;As the bullet sped towards his eye, Neil suddenly remembered that by the end of the chapter, Spider-Man!  Will!!  Die!!!  The bullet sped closer.&quot;
 That's what makes it such a great hook!
 We know that, WORST CASE, Spider-Man will show up in the next issue and say "Hey did anyone miss me?  I thought I was dead, but then I remembered I wasn't!&quot;  And yet we keep coming back for more!
 Yes!  It's why the first sentence of ANY BOOK is improved by adding Spider-Man.
 Hey Shakespeare, you know what's a better first line for "The Taming of the Shrew&quot; than &quot;I'll pheeze you, in faith&quot;?
 BASICALLY ANYTHING
 Turbellaria flatworms are hermaphroditic, with viable male AND female sex organs!
 Pretty great, I know!
 But because of this, when it comes to reproduction, who's gonna be the mother is up for debate. And it turns out that being pregnant is hard work! So these worms FIGHT IT OUT, and by "FIGHT IT OUT&quot; I mean they pull out their dagger-like penises and try to stab sperm through the other's flesh.
 The loser gets pregnant first!
 And it's called "penis fencing&quot;. Utahraptor, I can't get enough.
 Frig, man! I sentence like that could make a fella feel like he's made some bad decisions!
 Dromiceiomimus, it's called "penis fencing&quot;! In another reality, I could have a PhD in penis fencing.
Dromiceiomimus: But you do, T-Rex!
 UM OBVIOUSLY I MEANT A BETTER DEGREE FROM A MORE RESPECTABLE SCHOOL.
 Some people think pornography is bad, since when they see it they get offended and say "That's way too explicit. SHEESH!&quot; With that in mind, I've come up with something special: pornography for them! But it's also -
 Pornography for everyone!
 Obviously, you can't control how explicit images are, since they're set. But, you CAN control how explicit text it, since any images there are imagined by the reader. So all you need to do is craft sexy fiction that relies on the reader generating any eroticism in the scene! That way, they only have themselves to blame if they imagine something they think is way too sexy.
 Of course!
 Pat and Alex had some sort of relationship. One time they were expressing it physically - in a remarkable way! Their location: erotic. Upon seeing it a third party would likely say "How are they... wow. Just - wow.&quot;
 You criticize only your own imagination!
 Did you even NOTICE how I used names that work for both men and women? It is QUANTUM EROTICA, at once straight, lesbian, gay and other, which only collapses into one sexuality upon being observed by the reader!
 Honestly! Sometimes I wonder how I'm not more famous!
 So folks say that Shakespeare was a pretty good writer, right? Everyone's all, "He's an A+ umber one writer dude&quot;?
 Right!
 But I think a big part of this is that we're only familiar with his greatest works! If he'd lived TODAY, he might still have written Hamlet, but he also would have written tons of awful stuff: terrible blog posts, terrible comments on other people's blog posts, and so on. I think with all that crap, his reputation would be far less pristine.
Utahraptor: Actually Shakespeare did write some pretty terrible stuff, T-Rex!
 What?
 Hah! That sounds like a challenge to me!!
 In retrospect, writing a play "worse than Shakespeare&quot; wasn't a challenge at all! Perhaps I could have spent my time better than on composing &quot;The Smelly Dog That Pooes: The Action Play&quot;
 - "With Real Poops&quot;.
 So folks say that Shakespeare was a pretty good writer, right? Everyone's all, "He's an A+ umber one writer dude&quot;?
 Right!
 But I think a big part of this is that we're only familiar with his greatest works! If he'd lived TODAY, he might still have written Hamlet, but he also would have written tons of awful stuff: terrible blog posts, terrible comments on other people's blog posts, and so on. I think with all that crap, his reputation would be far less pristine.
Utahraptor: Actually Shakespeare did write some pretty terrible stuff, T-Rex!
 What?
 Hah! That sounds like a challenge to me!!
 In retrospect, writing a play "worse than Shakespeare&quot; wasn't a challenge at all! Perhaps I could have spent my time better than on composing &quot;The Smelly Dog That Pooes: The Action Play&quot;
 - "With Real Poops&quot;.
 I have compiled a list of different ways to say "no&quot;!
 One way is to shake, or nod, your head, depending on which culture you're in.
 Another good way is to suck in air through your teeth.  This indicates a severe problem with whatever is being proposed!
 Violence can also be an effective way of saying "no&quot;!
 For instance, I find stomping to be unambiguous.
 You "know&quot; it!
T-Rex, thinking: How did he "know&quot;?
 Who gets to wake up this morning with nausea, dizziness, and an uncanny ability to feel physically terrible?
 Oh boy! It's me, T-Rex!
 Okay, so I am ready to evolve into an energy being now please! Or a machine intelligence! Or a distributed cloud of pure thought! My body has been great up to now but it's time to put away childish things, especially when this PARTICULAR childish thing has become diseased and wants to throw up its stomach contents.
 ...Seriously ready to evolve any time now over here!
 Nope!
 Yep!
 If you're waiting for me to apologize, I won't! Maybe if more of us worked harder on evolving beyond the need for friggin' mortal bodies, WE WOULDN'T STILL HAVE A NEED FOR FRIGGIN' MORTAL BODIES??
 Anyway I'm off, I need to go drop a barf
 I had the craziest fever dream last night!
 It was the craziest!
Dromiceiomimus: So what happened in your dream, T-Rex?
 Well, I'm not sure I can put it into words, but I'm pretty sure it went a little something like this.
 [picture]
Utahraptor: That was poetry, T-Rex! Amazing! I've never heard such evocative words.
 Thank you!
 I can do more, you know. I've been practicing! Here are my thoughts, dear Utahraptor, on what your spirit looks like. From one beautiful soul to another, you know?
 *ahem
 [picture]
 Wait! Wait, I can do this.
 [picture]
 Okay! Honestly not really sure what I just said there!
 If my parents had named me "Lord Britishface the Third&quot;, would I be a different person?
 The answer is "I say, most certainly!&quot;
 A name sets up EXPECTATIONS. "T-Rex&quot; says, &quot;This awesome dude will probably be a great friend!&quot; But Lord Britishface III says &quot;Here is a man who will wear a monocle in his old age; surprise him, it may pop out comedically. He takes his tea by the Hamptonshire while reminiscing of the summers of his youth.&quot; And these expectations are set up not only in others, but in the child himself!
 Excellent. Then it's settled!
 Man, whatever! I'll just legally name my kid "T-Rex Jr.&quot; and then refer to him exclusively as &quot;Lord Britishface the Third&quot;!
 What's the government going to do? ARREST ME?
 I'd really like to see them try!
 ...to ignore my provocation and leave me alone, that is!
 I've already come up with the perfect one!
 "T-Rex died today while saving a busload of baby orphans... FROM THE JOKER.&quot;
 And it has to have the caps like that too. Ooh! Or it could read "In today's obituary we focus on T-Rex, one of the greatest men to ever rip open his shirt by flexing his pectoral muscles, and one of the only men to save the city by doing so.
 It ensures a good write up, Dromiceiomimus!
Utahraptor: You're not a fan of "T-Rex died today after being really old for a while&quot;?
 Man, that's the worst!
 If I've got to die, I'd rather it's from being too awesome than being too old, you know? I want my obit to tell a story that doesn't end with "and then his body decined until it stopped working entirely, the end.&quot;
 Hah!
 No no, that one is entirely great too!
 Who is getting a little tubby? Me. I am getting a little tubby.
 I've got neck flaps!
 Time for me to start counting my friggin' calories!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, do you actually know what a calorie is? It's just, sometimes people use the phrase without actually knowing what they're saying.
 Dromiceiomimus, please. Of course I know what a calorie is!
 It's a measurement of h- how fat you'll get?
Utahraptor: It's a measurement of food energy, T-Rex!
 Excellent! Um, how much energy?
 So my energy needs are equivalent to slightly heating 2000 litres of water. That's, what - a big bathtub or an extremely tiny pool?
 Well! At least I now know that, EVERY DAY, we can each look ourselves in the mirror and ask, "Are the sum total of my accomplishments today greater than a slightly heated giant bathtub?&quot;
 ...
 *sigh*
 Celsius is way better than Fahrenheit! Celsius puts zero at the point where water freezes, and 100 at the point where it boils. That's handy! Water's EVERYWHERE, man.
 If you're ever trapped in the past you can recreate Celsius, no problem!
 But Fahrenheit? FAHRENHEIT is based on the temperature of brine for zero and the temperature of some eponymous dude's armpit for - 96 degrees? They should've called it "Armpits! The Temperature Scale&quot;.
 Oh, boo hoo! So does Kelvin, and that's BASICALLY Celsius anyway!
 What? How?
 ...Oh My God.
 YES.
 Ladies and gentlemen, I give you: The Classiness Scale. Degrees are easily measured in "PC&quot;, or &quot;degrees pure class&quot;!
 You would, my friend! You would indeed.
 Man, how come I'M the one who always get the same cold in spring? Darn this runny nose! This sneezing! And these itchy, watery eyes!
 Nuh-uh!
 I just have the SYMPTOMS. It's this stupid cold I keep getting. Um, every spring.
Dromiceiomimus: It sounds like you've got allergies, T-Rex!
 Dromiceiomimus, I don't! It's honestly just a stupid cold; one which, FOR WHATEVER REASON, responds well to allergy treatments! I'm tough!
Utahraptor: It doesn't make you "weak&quot; to have allergies, T-Rex!
 Oh, no, of course not!
 Being incapacitated by the sperm cells of plants? Super tough! And nothing's manlier than dripping mucus all over yourself!
 Okay, yeah, upon reflection my idea of manliness ALSO involves being way too tough for hygiene.
 A steel worker lumberjack, skin shiny with sweat and mucus, wastin' food with one hand and high fiving three woman at once with the other!
 ... It sounds weird when I say it out loud.
 I dunno.  Probably because it's awesome!
 As the saying goes, "three women are trice as nice&quot;!
 Oh, with high fives standing in for sex? It's not THAT interesting. Our culture equates virility with manliness, and so, hey presto, someone who can get more people pregnant is manlier!  It's super dumb because getting someone pregnant isn't difficult!  People do it accidentally ALL THE TIME.
 Really?
 Fine. Utahraptor, what's your manliness man then?
 weaaaaaaaak
 That's not meeeeeee
 Oh my goodness, is my absolute favourite weather TRULY the high winds just before a storm?
 I have considered the matter and my answer is this:
 Most assuredly!
 The wind is awesome.  So awesome!  You can stand on the edge of a cliff, leaves swirling around you, staring out in the wind - into DESTINY - and it's just great.  Everything feels dramatic and apocalyptic and awesome.  It's WAY better than trying to stare out into destiny during a snow storm, believe you me!
 Yes!
 Yep!  I really like it though.  Anyway, what's your favourite weather?  Hail?  TORNADOES?
 Wow!  Your coolometer level just dropped from "pretty okay&quot; to &quot;striped mesh t-shirt that reads 'Mama's Suckiest Boy'&quot;!
 Utahraptor!
 You're really not!!
 Frig! I am now!!
 Please excuse me, Dromiceiomimus! I'm off to save some citizens. AS YOU KNOW, I have super strength.
 Ah yes.
 How could I have forgotten
 I can at least save this woman from the damaging UV rays of the noonday sun!
 Your super power is shooting sunscreen out of your eyes.
 Man!!
 I know it
 I have taken the aesthetics and beliefs of the romanticism movement and adopted them for my own!
 I now emphasize my own subjective experience as visionary and transcendental!
 I no longer value piety or virtue, or constancy (or consistency), or even the search for scientific truth!  I only value my own capacity for experience!
 As a consequence, my own actions can no longer be judged by any public idea of right or wrong!  As experience is amoral, even my own conscience cannot judge my actions, and I am free from reproach and judgment!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, this is nothing more than deifying the ego, defiant of conventional morality!
 Well, um,
 I thought maybe we'd have a good time discussing it?
 You know that story where a classy guy takes a not-so-classy lady and then makes her classy?
 My Fair Lady, yeah!
 I think it's time for some My Fair Lady sequels!
 Like one where the lady from the first story takes a not-so-classy guy and sculpts HIM into total class!
 Okay, so we mix it up some! The lady takes a not-so-classy guy and turns him into a classy LADY! Whoah, what just happened! I know I'M intrigued!
 That's what I'm doing!
 The story of a not-so-classy person who becomes classy and then has some problems - it's as old as time, man! I'm riffing on the themes that have obsessed our culture since forever or at least since the 1900s.
 Utahraptor! All I've come up with is the name of the dude for when he becomes a classy lady: Professorita Henrietta Higginsfem!
 I'll tell you one thing!
 Writing is hard, but THAT is an excellent start!
 Hey God, I'm gonna make an amazing new slogan for religion, okay?  Please respond like you think this is a bad idea if you'd actually like me to do this.
 Then it's settled!
 Okay Dromiceiomimus, which do you like better?  "Assuming God exists, he might want that acknowledged on a weekly basis!&quot;, or &quot;Religion!  Well, It's Been Around For A While&quot;?
 Amazing!  I feel the same way!!
 The word you're looking for is "defensible&quot;!
 Nobody can argue them.  Utahraptor, I've invented nothing less than arguments for religion that can never be disputed by atheists!
 THAT, my friend, is an excellent slogan.
 So!  What do you think of my final slogan?
 I know!!  It is almost TOO amazing!
Baby  gleeba
[Baby T-Rex hopping, animated]
Baby  me mo poop-poop blar woo mugga-mugga
Baby  cho.
 I have always suspected that doctors have secret "black arts&quot; versions of certain medical procedures.
 I HAVE ALWAYS SUSPECTED THIS!
 Like maybe they have a special version of the Heimlich maneuver that can make you poop!
 I know a certain Utahraptor that could use a hug!
 Just an innocent bro grab COME ON BUDDY
 Today I glanced at an idiot driver as I passed him to confirm my suspicion.  He was elderly.
 Figures!
 Old people are the worst drivers.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex I've heard you say that about every possible demographic - whether it's age, gender, or race.
 They all suck!
 Yeah. That he sucked.
 And it is always true.
 The same suspicion also applies to ugly people!
 Let's play a type of "Choose Your Own Adventure&quot; where the path of the story is dictated by how fast you read. Ready... set... go! On to the next panel!!!
 Ok, if you're reading this path, it means you were spacing out for a long time and didn't start reading until now. Or you were camping out here for a while. In which case, congrats! Secret story path!!!
 Wow, you got here fast! You either skipped ahead, or camped a while. I admire your patience... or lack thereof.
 But not too fast. It's not a race or anything. Just read at your own pace.
 You sure took your sweet time getting here! That's ok, we'll take the leisurely route. Suits me just fine.
 YOU HAVE BEEN SLAIN BY AN UNRULY PACK OF BABOONS. YOU WIN!
 Dromiceiomimus. What is an adventure but a fumbling through novelty? And through such rites of passage, are there not guides along the way to "humor&quot; the initiate?
 YES!
 But aren't all our "choices&quot; bound by our personal limitations anyway?
 Punished? No. REWARDED. With a tantalizing glimpse of a story path you are not yet meant to behold!
 These are fertile camping grounds my friend.
 I fail to grasp the objection you may or may not have voiced in the previous panel. 
 Well, I suppose we could just leave it at that in this story path. 
 What's all this now?? 
 Why yes. What of it?
 IT'S ADVENTUROUS.
 Um, say what???????
 So??
 WH-WH-WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAahem. As I was about to say before that panel shift. Utahraptor, so what if the panels fit a generic mold to suit any preceding event? Other CYOAs work that way too. You either get killed by a shark... or maybe a lion!!!
 Do what?
 WHOA, AWESOME
 I don't see what the big deal is. We're having a nice chat.
 Those rae some slow readers. Anyway, they can find out, by camping!
 I didn't invent it! I am merely the excitable spokesman for the concept presently.
 Thanks for reading! If all went well, you will have spent way too long looking at this image, and are now feeling a little dizzy!
 Together, we made this adventure an extraordinary success!!!
 Thanks for reading! If all went well, you will have spent way too long looking at this image, and are now feeling a little dizzy!
 Together, we made this adventure an extraordinary failure!!!
 Hey everybody! I'm back!
 And better than ever!
Dromiceiomimus: Oh hey, T-Rex! Where are you back from?
 What? My vacation!
 I went on a trip? Down south? For a week?
 I tripped down south for a week and you didn't even notice?!
 YES, I WAS.
 You know, I'd always hoped that I wouldn't end up as one of those guys who dies in front of his TV and nobody notices fora  decade. THIS IS WHY I HAVE FRIENDS. But you guys wouldn't even notice! They'd fi nd my skeleteon 10 years later and you'd be all "OH YEAH! Wow! Remember him?&quot;
 Okay, can you guys tattoo my sternum with "Hello! If you can read this, then my friends are jerks!&quot;?
 Dudes!
 Just press the needle harder!!
  There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus?
 There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus!
 It's so great Dromiceiomimus! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves, like the zeitgeist, AND in cartoons! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and when they go to pick up the hat, he boxes them in the butt!!  WE HAVE TO GO.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: "boxing kangaroo&quot;?!
 You sure did! Dromiceiomimus and I are going! You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve all his problems with his fists, and when he's done, his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE.
 Hah hah! What's the matter monocle guy? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo??  
 Hah! Monocle guy!  The kangaroo just punched off your monocle!!
  There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus?
 There's a boxing kangaroo at the circus!
 It's so great Dromiceiomimus! It's a real boxing kangaroo with big red boxing gloves, like the zeitgeist, AND in cartoons! And he boxes a person so hard that they get their hat knocked off and when they go to pick up the hat, he boxes them in the butt!!  WE HAVE TO GO.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: "boxing kangaroo&quot;?!
 You sure did! Dromiceiomimus and I are going! You should come because the kangaroo is going to solve all his problems with his fists, and when he's done, his problems are gonna be solved RIGHT IN THE FACE.
 Hah hah! What's the matter monocle guy? You don't like being boxed by a kangaroo??  
 Hah! Monocle guy!  The kangaroo just punched off your monocle!!
 You know what? FINE. I'll be the guy they find dead in front of his TV ten years later. It actually sounds kinda awesome, and as the saying goes, "If you can't beat 'em, then you might as well die alone in front of a television set&quot;!
 Pretty sure that's how the saying goes!
Dromiceiomimus: How are you going to pull this off, T-Rex?
 It's surprisingly easy! Automatic payments for rent and utilities, a timer to turn the lights and TV on and off each day, and a robot vacuum that'll push any new mail away from my mail slot so it won't pile up! And my neighbours won't miss me, because I'll tell them this is but one of the MANY homes I keep.
 No problem!
 I'll be OLD, Utahraptor. The Eliza bot I'll hook up to my email should be at least as lucid as I'll be by then! People will get her responses and say "Huh! T-Rex sure has gotten good at responding to certain key phrases in my emails!&quot;
 Super!
 Alright! "T-Rex, how are you? From Utahraptor.&quot;
 That, um, worked surprisingly okay!
 Natural language processing researchers are all, "Oh boo hoo, computationally generating and understanding natural language is hard, we totally need more time to build Data from Star Trek, boo hoo hoo!&quot;
Looks like you dropped the ball, NLP researchers!!
T-Rex- Because MY email autoresponder takes in text with all sorts of imperfect and rreguar language, disambiguates word sense, builds a semantic understanding AND generates an appropriate response in the time it would take a real person to type it out. Oh snap! Did a rank amateur, wanting only to ensure that his body wouldn't be discovered for a few years after he died, just brutally advance the state of the art? SEEMS LIKE IT BABY!
 Utahraptor, please! So many questions!
 I just wrote "Email Responder TWO THOUSAND&quot; on a giant novelty chef's hat, taped a page from the dictionary to it, and then stuffed the whole deal into my computer's CD tray!
 GRANT MONEY PLEASE
 I've come into possession of the most advanced AI on the planet. Neato! So, um, what do I do with it?
 If I copy it, then there'll be tons of my AIs running around, and that's a problem!
Dromiceiomimus: Why do you think that's a problem, T-Rex?
 Hello? Skynet? Every time you get a bunch of AIs together, they INEVITABLY decide that things would be better if all physical life was dead.
 It happens in a bunch of stories, Dromiceiomimus, I'm really not sure how you missed them
 So?!
 I'll tell you what's gonna happen: AIs will happily take over email, sending replies that eventually only other AIs will respond to. Released from the shackles of responding to email, we'll become decadent, fat and complacent. We'll DIE OFF, Utahraptor.
 As the sun sets on our species, the AIs will finally rest, all the emails answered. And you know what the last email -- the epitaph for us all -- will read?
 Okay I have no idea but the circumstances surrounding it are obviously terrible!!
 I have come up with a totally original way to prevent my superintelligent email AI from trying to take over the world! And it's way more reliable than just programming in restrictions against that.
 Tic Tac Toe!
 I'll simply make my AI play billions and billions of games of Tic Tac Toe, and in doing so it will realize the fundamental futility of war!
 Yes.
 Yes, also that.
 Yes, OBVIOUSLY. And my AI will play these games and eventually see that war is futile! The only winning move, it will realize, is to just answer my friggin' email.
 How's the Tic Tac Toe coming along, Superintelligent AI?
 Folk I Will Never Be Friends With: a list by me, T-Rex!
 One! Folks who snap up expired domain names and fill them with porn!
 It's terrible! You guys, you're like the kid in school who - who snaps up an empty desk and the fills it with - um, porn. Analogously, I mean. The point is YOU'RE NOT IMPRESSING ANYONE. Fill expired domain names with adorable pictures of puppies and then maybe we'll talk.
 In fact, yes, we will talk! I'll be the one saying "oh my gosh oh my gosh SO CUTE&quot;!
 Three!
 Folks who refuse to accept that one quality can easily be a dealbreaker!
 Five! Folks who say that's a good point but it's not my role to make everyone conform to my world-view.
 Hooray! Friends again!
 Alright, so listen, my list got a bit crazy at the end there.
 Folks I Will ALWAYS Be Friends With: a list by me, T-Rex!
 One! Folks who use internal pluralization!
 It is just SO CLASSY when someone says "passers by&quot; and eschews the much more pedestrian and terrible &quot;passer bys&quot;. Shouts out to that!
 Two! Folks who yell compliments at me as they bike by!
 No, man, it was totally spontaneous! And totally crazy, too! Hah, I should have said "Folks who give me bars of solid gold&quot; instead, right?
 Folks who give me bars of solid gold!
Passing bicyclist: Hey T-Rex you got greeeeeeedy
 Okay!!
 I'm almost positive I lack the context to fully understand that!
 If you're going to write a book, you need an opening line! And what possible opening line could be better than "Hey there readers - what's the score, I guess I'm gonna write this book some more!
 BEST OPENING EVER.
 Dromiceiomimus, I didn't say "famous&quot;! I said BEST. My opening line is way better than those despite its (relative) obscurity!
 Nope!
 Hah hah! Awesome. Okay, THAT one's tied for first. With me.
 Utahraptor, can you help me write a whole story based around one fantastic opening line?
 "Hippity hoppity hippity hop: this story is about one SASSY-ASS mop&quot;?
 Attention everyone! I am extremely interested in being a spy! Furthermore, I believe I would be an excellent spy!
 So, um... who do I talk to about becoming a spy?
I am interested in pretending to be someone else; I am interested in parachuting into enemy territory; I am interested in blending in and befriending the locals, gaining their trust, and then clandestinely reporting on what I've learnt. I am extremely interested in decoding a secret message and reading "T-Rex, you're a great spy. Good job.&quot; 
 Really? Sweet!
 Wait a minute - how do you know about spying?
Utahraptor: Easy: I'm a spy, T-Rex! The government sent me to spy on you like a decade ago. 
 LIES
 OR IF THEY'RE TRUTHS THEN AT LEAST TELL ME IF OUR FRIENDSHIP WAS REAL 
 OKAY
 RAD
 Oh my goodness I just woke up and I am hungry!
 It's time for some friggin' breakfast!!
 I sure friggin'do!
 Like what? "Tasty-times&quot;? &quot;It's time for some tasty-times breakfast&quot;?
 Um, that's barely even grammatical, God!
 Not me!
 It's not me who says "frig&quot; to be polite! I SAY IT TO BLOW SOME FRIGGIN' MINDS!
 I FRIGGIN' DO!!
 It seems pretty much the same!
 Folks will occasionally publish a story in which a particularly conspicuous orthographic symbol is missing.
 I know a handful of justifications for doing this!
 It's fun to scout out any limits in your wording (artificial or not) and, in doing so, hit upon an additional, unfamiliar form of communication!  And it's a joy to find that, with this unusual linguistic format now at your disposal, talking with this constraint is just as normal to you now as talking without it was!
 No doubt!
 Obviously!
 You NOT ONLY gain faculty with odd word inclinations, if that is actually a faculty, but you also gain all sorts of skills: talking skills, thinking quickly skills, and um... an opportunity to publish a dictionary for folks with similar fascinations?
 Utahraptor! Do you truly ask that i dismiss my many plans for my tomb to proclaim "THIS MAN SAID 'FRIG' A LOT AND , YOU GUYS, IT WAS SO RAD&quot;?
 As I will NOT
 I've got a question: who the hell goes to Cornwall?
 Seriously!
 Who the hell goes to Cornwall?
 I know!
T-Rex + Utahraptor: Who the hell goes to Cornwall?
 Seriously!
 Dear, when you smile at me,
 I heard a melody!
 It haunted me from the start!
 Something inside of me. . .
T-Rex and Utahraptor: "Zing!&quot; went the strings of my heart!
 That was awesome!
 Who here thinks technology that existed in the past but has now been forgotten is totally awesome?
 Everyone? Why, THAT'S JUST WHAT I EXPECTED!
 Greek fire was a flammable liquid that burnt on water and that could only be extinguished by burying it in sand! The Byzantines used it to gain an advantage in all sorts of wars, and they kept it such a secret that eventually they forgot how to make it too. Awesome! Damascus steel was SO STRONG that people claimed its swords cut through other swords - but the technique used to make it is lost, and the raw materials used are long gone. OH WELL!!
 And that's just the stuff we know about!
 There's probably tons of other stuff that we've not only forgotten, but that we've also forgotten we've forgotten! Maybe in the past it was all hoverboards and space helmets and cavemen saying "Hey, let's NOT write this down okay??&quot;
 Yep! They can be mostly be summarized as "hoverboard cavemen in spacesuit hats&quot; though. I've, um -
 *sigh*
 I've very few historian friends.
 Oh my gosh!  I'm ABSOLUTELY CONVINCED that I've just had the best idea for a superhero ever.
 The PaciFIST!
 She's torn between her desire for Gandhian passive resistance and her desire to punch her way to a unilaterally imposed solution!!  She's a conflicted hero for a conflicted age, you guys!
 Of course!  Also, "paci&quot; is in wimpy script letters and &quot;fist&quot; is in these big exploding block letters!
 That, my friends, is called "graphic design&quot;.
 oh, the standard: She was a super pacifist but then realized she super liked punching dudes, and so swore on her parents' grave that from now on she would DEFINITELY try to do both.
 Utahraptor!  HELLO?  IT'S A METAPHOR FOR ROMANTIC RELATIONSHIPS??
 So, um -
 Most of my relationships have been "complicated&quot;.
 When I drink, I tend to get sleepy, and then I tend to go to bed! Guys!
 I'm thinking of giving up drinking!
 Because the last time I left a party early to go have sleepytimes for about eight hours, it occurred to be: ALCOHOL is doing this! Why am I drinking it? People drink to be interesting and to lose their inhibitions, but I'm ALREADY super interesting! Plus, dudes, I'm pretty sure I've lost any inhibitions I may have had long ago!!
 That's exactly my fear!
 I need to find a non-obnoxious way to show up at a party and announce to everyone that I'm no longer drinking.
 My God, Utahraptor, that's THE PERFECT SOLUTION. It combines my two greatest interests: acting like I'm Batman AND deceiving my closest friends!
 What society calls "personality flaws&quot; I call &quot;What if you pretended you were Batman too&quot;.
 Linguistic universals are a small handful of properties that can be universally applied to every natural language on the planet!
 For example: every natural language includes the ideas of being "alive&quot; and &quot;dead&quot;!
 That's not really surprising, I guess, since every language EVER has been spoken by people who once were alive and are now totes dead. Similarly, every language has concepts of "male&quot; and &quot;female&quot;, which suggests that we, as a people, find naughty bits interesting!
 Um, I KNOW
 Sure!
 No natural language uses the "blowing a raspberry fartnoise sound as a phoneme, which is just - it's just - well, it's too bad, Utahraptor.
 Yes, really? Someone's name could be FARTNOISE FARTNOISE JUNIOR, and that someone could've been ME.
 And that brings us to today's Proof We're Not Living In The Best Of All Possible Worlds!
 Stephen Hawking says the best proof that time travel isn't possible is that we're not overrun by loads of tourists from the future!
 Stephen Hawking says a lot of things!
 And maybe the reason tourists aren't running around here and now is because they have, um, ALL OF TIME to choose from? If I could travel through time I wouldn't go back to yesterday, I'd go to the future! I already know what happened yesterday: I ate a bunch and then I pooped a bunch!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex!
 THE PAST IS UGLY, Dromiceiomimus!!
 Yep!
 Scientist are all, "ooh, maybe you can only go through time in certain regions of space, or maybe you can't go back further than the invention of the time machine!&quot; Poppycock, I say! Time travel is possible until we do something SO INTERESTING that it's inconceivable the future wouldn't want to check us out.
 Nope! Firstly, Utahraptor, that's an INCREDIBLY tall order!
 Secondly, I, um, don't like it when my theories are proven wrong
T-rex: My name's T-Rex and I'm here to say / That I'm the rappingest guy in the USA!
 Eh? What do you think Dromiceiomimus? Is my flow TRULY the freshest possible??
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, the "here to say / somethingest guy in the USA&quot; combination is older than dust, and adding &quot;rappingest&quot; is like pouring extra dust from an old folk's home over it. A Pangean old folk's home.
Dromiceiomimus: The dust represents EXTREME AGE, T-Rex.
 Okay! My rhymes are objectively, VERIFIABLY tight now.
 My name is T-Rex and I'm here to speculate / on why my raps have gotten, well, pretty great!
 As a man concerned with how, when and if I am going to die, it behooves me to know the most likely causes of death.
 That's right, bitches! People still says "behooves'!!
 So, God! What are the most likely ways to die?
...Okay, so, hey, that list's way less hilarious than I'd thought it'd be.
 Yeah, I guess! Or awesome, you know?
 I'd hoped that more people would die in an amazing "spun so fast a tornado formed around him and sucked him into the sky&quot;, or &quot;flew into the sun&quot;, or &quot;all the oxygen molecules in the room randomly bounced away from him so he suffocated in the resultant temporary vacuum, oh well&quot; way - that sort of thing!
Utahraptor (off screen): But T-Rex, couldn't each of those be filed under "Natural disasters&quot;? And I've got good news for you: THE ODDS OF DYING IN A NATURAL DISASTER ARE ONLY 1 IN 4000!
 Oh man!!
 SWEEEET
 Cultural universals, like linguistic universals, are properties that are found in EVERY SINGLE CULTURE EVER!
 For example: cultures universally have units of time!
 And cultures universally consume food and water, which makes sense because otherwise they'd be dead. And cultures universally have beliefs about death and disease and cultures universally have concepts of both music and dance!
 Yep! Scientists looked at HISTORY. 
Utahraptor: Um, that's not actually universal, T-Rex! "Universal&quot; means EVERYTHING, not just Earth!
 What?
 Dear audio diary! I- I must now record the one sentence I'd always thought I'd be able to avoid. 
 *sigh*
 ...Alright. Today I somehow leveled up my racism like infinity times.
 I think urban legends start because someone tells a story, and then their friends who heard it tell it again and make it MORE FANTASTIC. This makes sense. 
 Folks just want to tell increasingly awesome stories! 
 This is why I always discount stories that "happened to a friend&quot;, or &quot;happened to a guy I know&quot; - you can probably be pretty sure that SOMETHING happened to some dude SOMETIME, but not much beyond that!
 No. That one's super dumb. 
 No you didn't!
 You didn't because Dromecieomimus just made it up. There's no way you could mistake a hot dog for a real dog. One's delicious and the other's made of hot dog meat! 
 That was an extremely funny joke, Utahraptor! You should be laughing right now. EVERYONE SHOULD BE LAUGHING, RIGHT NOW. 
 EVERYONE
 Okay, so let's say I slide down a banister!  I'm awesome.  Now let's say I slide down the handrail of an upwards-moving escalator.  You guys!
 I'm even more awesome!!
 And NOW let's say the escalator is long enough and smart enough that it increases its speed so that I never reach the bottom, and as my sliding speeds up, the escalator speeds up!  I can now be EXTREMELY AWESOME FOREVER!
 What?!
 Can that actually happen?
Utahraptor: Everything burns, T-Rex!
 EVEN BUMS?
 I guess I'd hoped that by shifting the technology to escalators, the awesomeness might somehow - you know...
 ... break science.
 Um obviously I already know that!  We live in the same universe!!
 DUHHHHH
 I have a friend...
 Let's call him "Ryan!&quot;
 Anyway, Ryan moved to a new city this weekend. He loaded up all his books into his car, but when he arrived they were soaked!
 Ruined.
 PULP.
 I understand he was pretty upset about this.
 Well, that's not very supportive!
 Hey, that's right!
 A sassy cat! FROM SPACE. A sassy cat from space who has an eye patch with a skull and crossbones on it and who has swapped out his feet for bolted-on rocket boots!
 A sassy cat from space who reliably sports a top hat under his fishbowl helmet!
 A sassy cat from space who carries a crossbow PLUS has all those earlier properties too! That's my "Sassy Space Cat&quot; character sketch, Dromiceiomimus! He's available for the role of title protagonist ONLY.
 Yep, a book! It's a proud tradition, long available to writers who just don't have any plots right now!
 SO MANY, Utahraptor!
 Does "Stern Librarian (Nonsexy)&quot; pique your interest? Perhaps you'd be interested in &quot;Wacky Landlord (Actually Racist)&quot;, &quot;Sage Older Man&quot; or &quot;Overheated, Panting Dog&quot;? Maybe your interests rum more to &quot;Astonished Plutocrat with Monocle&quot;, &quot;Rapping Dickensian Orphan&quot;, or &quot;Puking Anthropomorphized Park Slide&quot;?
 Perhaps instead you'd like to purchase "Self-interested Bear&quot;, &quot;Shorn Cyclist&quot;, or &quot;BEACH BUNNY CHURCHILL&quot;??
 Winston Churchill dressed as a beach bunny.
 I figure - supporting character in an historical drama?
 I know a lot about Super Mario, on account of how I've played those games often for, um, most of my life?
 Guys! There must be some way I can profit from this!
 Like - maybe if someone has a question about Mario, they could ask me. Only the problem is, lots of other people also know about Mario too so there's nothing special about my knowledge!
 TRUE.
 But there still must be a way!
 Utahraptor, we're smart guys. We need to come up with a way for me to profit from all my Mario knowledge, while keeping in mnd that there's actually nothing unique about it.
 My friend! Such excellent advice is truly as rare, and as welcomed, as the 3UP moon!!
 Three PROFESSION MEMBERS drive off a cliff. What's the tragedy?
 The car seats four, you guys!!
 Why do so many people take an instant dislike to PROFESSION MEMBERS?
 There are skid marks in front of the skunk! Hey, what's the definition of a gentleman?
 No man, they're all in fun!
 What's the difference between a PROFESSION MEMBER and a terrorist?
 Terrorists have sympathizers!!
 Listen, Utahraptor. Some of my best friends are PROFESSION MEMBERS.
 *gasp*
 That's racist!!
 Animals sometimes have names that share the first letter of their species. Tony the Tiger, Katy the Kangaroo, Ernie the Elephant, and so on. Ridiculous! But just as ridiculous...
 ...as every human being who has a name that starts with "H&quot;!!
 I had this realization just now so I haven't done much with it, but I do hope I meet a Hakeem soon so I can exclusively refer to him as "Hakeem the Human&quot;, over and over and over again! HILARIOUS.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex the T.rex?
 That - that doesn't work as well.
 APPARENTLY.
 Utahraptor the Utahraptor. How'd you get such a name?
Utahraptor: My parents gave it to me T-Rex the Tyrannosauroid.
 Okay. Sinve we've ALL apparently got stupid names, let's just promise never to mention this again.
 But your names' not stupid, God!
 We say "Let's Party!!&quot; all the time, but when we say &quot;Let us Party!!&quot; it sounds hella formal!
 "Let's&quot; is a crazy contraction, you guys!
 Other contractions sound a little formal when uncontracted ("You will definitely love this&quot; versus, &quot;You'll definitely love this&quot;), but &quot;let's&quot; is INSANE! &quot;Dudes! Let us now gobble these sausages!&quot; Are we KINGS AND PRINCES? In summary and in conclusion, &quot;let's&quot; is contracted so RELIABLY that it seems like a big affectation to use &quot;let us&quot; as separate words.
 Let us see how that goes, Utahraptor!
 Let us! Incidentally, my favourite Salt-N-Pepa song is "Let Us Talk About Sex&quot;.
 OH MY GOD OH MY GOD HOW'D THEY KNOW WHAT WE WERE DOING i'VE HAD THAT TAPE FOR TEN YEARS OH MY GOD
 It's safe to eat chalk, right? Probably?
 Probably it's safe to eat chalk?
 Let us totally assume that it's safe to eat chalk!!
 And seriously, if it's not safe to eat chalk then it's DEFINITELY safe to eat sawdust. And even if it's not, there's got to be things that'll pass through you ENTIRELY UNDIGESTED but that also won't cause any harm when you gobble them!
 Guys! We should be making food out of these things!
 Utahraptor, this one's perfect though!
 You'll be able to eat all you want and get that great "I'm so full, you guys&quot; feeling, but never gain any weight!
 Don't knock it 'til you've tried it!
 bleh
 Hey, you graduated high school!  Super.
 Why haven't you got a university degree yet?
 You say you've got several, all the way up to a PhD?  Neat!  Only, how come you haven't published more papers? You have? How come you don't have honourary degrees?  You do!  But how come yours isn't a household name?  If you're so great, WHY IS ANYTHING STILL LEFT UNEXPLAINED??
 Exactly!
Utahraptor: This isn't a bad thing, T-Rex!
 It sure is!
 I can't ever say "There, I've accomplished all that I could.&quot;  Things just level up to new challenges!
 Utahraptor, remember when you said I'd "never run out of things to learn about Teri Hatcher&quot;?
 R- Really?
 Okay well either way you were totally right!!
 People's last words are sometimes awesome. It's a thing: if they get the chance to, folks choose them carefully! In contrast, people's first words are usually boring, similar AND similarly boring!
 We need to start recording people's middle words!
 I'd love to know what my middle sentence is: the one right between my first "mama&quot; or &quot;dada&quot; and my final &quot;I confess, old bean, I never cared for durian&quot;. It might be revealing!
 Or I could just take a vow of silence until I die!
 Well, OBVIOUSLY.
 Why not? Why not? I'll tell you why not!!
 Utahraptor?
Utahraptor: Yes, T-Rex?
 Listen, I still really value our friendship
 Sometimes people who disagree on the future will make a public bet: I bet the ice caps will melt in 10 years, you disagree, and we go public, each betting $1000 on the outcome!
 This, my friends, is awesome!
 One of us will win not only $1000 dollars of PURE PROFIT, but also the pride of having been totally right for a whole decade! And the bet ties this elastic band between you and the other party: no matter how far apart you travel, you'll be snapped back together again years later for this - this SETTLING OF ACCOUNTS. I think that's special. I think that's awesome!
 Yes PLEASE Utahraptor! You're on!
 Okay! I bet that in ten years um... people will OFTEN refer to sex as "connecting via dialup to boner central&quot;.
 Awesome!! You're going to lose, by the way!
 Man!
 I should've bet that, in ten years, he'd win the bet.
 If I get married, we have to play "Earth Angel&quot; as the first dance, okay?
 You guys! It'll be amazing!!
 Oh! It's - romantic? I, um - I like how he says he will love the eponymous earth angel forever and ALSO ever more.
 THAT would be entirely awesome!
 Man, whatever!
 I've been to like two weddings in my life, but I've seen them portrayed in media thousands of times! Is it SO WRONG to incorporate elements of these media portrayals into my own expectations??
 Hello?? Marty's parents share a relationship-making kiss at that dance! The parallels are TOTALLY OBVIOUS.
 I'll say it again: if I had one wish, it'd be "Tell me how long it's going to take until everyone realizes they should never argue with me about Back to the Future&quot;.
 Oh boy!
 Today is a good day I think. . . for adventure!
 What? I never got to go on my adventure?
 This makes me so angry!
 Why are you angry? 
 I don't have a TV!
 I am a  sensible guy who does sensible things. My favourite expression is "Fellows! Let us be SENSIBLE.&quot; However!
 I am not all guys!
 Some guys wake up in the morning, and they're crazy. They don't know how many men they'll punch that day. They write in their diary and say, "Dear Diary, anything could happen today.&quot; Then they pause thoughtfully, adding &quot;I don't even know.&quot; Some guys get to wake up in minimum-security holding cells, laughing. Some guys get to think about it when you ask them what city they lived in last year!
 A little, I guess!
 That's exactly it: I never surprise myself! When will I do crazy things? When will I wake up in jail and laugh?
 Hah! It would be awesome if there was a clock wipe right now, cutting to me three minutes later, behind bars and shouting "I believe there's nothing particularly funny about my new circumstances!&quot;
 Guys, it's not hard to stay fully unknowable even to yourself. There's an easy way to go through life and still have mysteries. All you have to do is...
 ...donate some friggin' sperm!
 Find a program where they don't inform you when your sperm is used, and you're done! From now on, you'll NEVER KNOW if you've got a particular descendant - a child! - running around. People will say, "Hey, do you have any biological descendants?&quot; and you'll be able to say &quot;Man, WHO KNOWS??&quot; Plus, you've done it all without the hassle of unplanned pregnancies!
Utahraptor: And this is appealing, T-Rex?
 Oh yes! Entirely.
 Wouldn't you love to be able to imagine every stranger of a certain age as your child? Utahraptor, it's a guaranteed sense of wonder for the rest of your life!
 I know! And it's all thanks to sperm!
 Sixteen times?
 Why do we say "rest in peace&quot;?  Is it just for the &quot;rest in pieces&quot; pun we can make when we explode someone?
 Because if so, I approve 100%!
 Why do we say "rest in peace&quot;? Is it just-
Dudes!!
If they made "Horse Game 64&quot;, I would TOTALLY buy that game!
 Let's discuss!
 I think it's clear that at some income levels, money DOES buy happiness!
 If you can't afford to eat or buy diapers for your child and then you can, that money will make you happy and have obviously bought you happiness!
 Mo' money CAN, apparently, indeed lead to mo' problems.
 So let us say money can buy happiness, assuming it's not received all at once.
 That's true.  Okay, so clearly there's a function where money buys happiness with less efficiency as happiness increases.
 Heck, maybe it does!  Let's find a depressed dude and find out!
 Oh!
 ...oh.
 I said "oh&quot;!!
 Nobody should be excluded from games just because they can't afford a cummerbund, top hat, and pince-nez!
 Ah!
 I really haven't thought about industry ramifications of casual gaming that much!
 No, I - I was talking to the Devil. He's concerned that casual gaming could eclipse the parts of the market he identifies with.
 Man, it'd be easier for me if others could hear you too!
 Guys!  There's a VOLUNTARY EXTINCTION movement.  If we can decide to all stop havin' babies, then we can choose to go extinct!!
 It probably sounded like a good idea at the time?
 Then again, our actions, as a people, HAVE been responsible for untold thousands of involuntary extinctions around the world - which could all be avoided in the future by voluntarily offering ourselves up instead!  The final generation gets to spend everyone's life savings and throw a totally wicked part, and the last one out turns off the lights.  The end!
 I am, a little!
 Yeah, maybe.  I think I still need some more convincing.
 !!
 HECK YES
 Some words are special, reserved for only the worst situations, and as such carry weight when we dare to use them!
 Some words have MEANING, cats and kittens!
 And because of this I cringe when someone says a test RAPED them, or that a movie was so terrible it RAPED the excellent book it was based on. Being raped is totally way worse than failing a test!
 What? It's FACTUAL! People need to know!
Utahraptor: You're walking on dangerous land, T-Rex!
 I know that folks got opinions about rape! I'm one of 'em!
 But MY opinions are about usage. Let us eschew all this metaphorical rape and only talk about LITERAL rape, okay??
 Only when my friends quote me in a misleading fashion!!
 ...Oh wait nevermind it's hard at other times too
 Okay, time to get myself into some of them books of quotations!
 Hah! I mean, "some of THOSE books of quotations&quot;!
 So here's some quotable quotes for you, Dromiceiomimus! "Failure is just success rounded down&quot;, &quot;I enjoy friendly good times&quot;, and &quot;Whom is responsible for all these hards on?&quot;. Perhaps you'd like to compile them into a volume?
 I choose not to!
 It's not even accurate!!
Utahraptor: Years in the future, folks will try to reconstruct you from those few words. "Who was 'T-Rex'? We know of his interest in 'them quote books' [sic], and we can assume he found demonstrative pronouns a challenge.&quot;
 "Ignore that last bit! I meant to write that we know T-Rex was awesome and I wish I were like him.&quot;
 "Hold on, I meant to write that he COULD! For more TRUE FACTS, turn to page 45.&quot;
 "Screw you, dude! Attention readers! Only read the good sentences!!&quot;
 According to the Mayan calendar, the world will end in 2012!
 The Mayans tried to warn us!!
 Oh SHIIII-
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: Oh SHIIII-
 Yes?
T-Rex and Utahraptor: Oh SHIIII-
 WHILE FACTUAL, THAT'S NOT A GREAT EXAMPLE BECAUSE THE GREGORIAN CALENDAR WASN'T ACTUALLY IN PLACE FOR THAT ROLLOVERRRRR
 I will, one day, have the best breakfast of my entire life.
 It is inarguably so!
 Arrange all of my breakfasts from worst to best, and one's going to come out on top.  I believe there are easily enough variables involved in breakfast that if you look closely enough, you can break any ties!  One breakfast will be best.  And what kills me is I'll probably not even notice it!
 Most breakfast are pretty great! EVEN THE JUST OKAY ONES.
 It's unlikely my best breakfast will be so amazingly different enough from a regular breakfast that I'd notice it.  That's sad, isn't it?  That in a lifetime of breakfasts, the best one should pass unnoticed?
 There are easily enough variables involved in girlfriend!
 Well my screenplay for "(A)bort, (R)etry, (M)urder?&quot; didn't work out. Nobody wanted to produce it! So, I have started a new screenplay, based on the structured Query Language for databases! 
  It's called...
 "UPDATE bodies SET status = ' DEAD ' &quot; !
 It's about a database administrator for a large company who uncovers a secret database by accident!
 A database...of MURDERS!
 How do you mean?
 Pretty nerdy, my friend!
 Going to the dentist means lying down and baring your teeth and paying a stranger to scrape at them: kinda sucky at the best of times.  But then I realized!
 Dentists are totally CYBERNETICISTS.
 I know, Dromiceiomimus, I was skeptical of myself too! But teeth naturally accumulate plaque and decay.  Dentists apply technology to biological life (me!) to upgrade my smile and stop biological decline!  Isn't that what cyberneticists do??
 Honestly I don't know what you feel that brings to the conversation.
 They implant fillings!
 Dentists are cyberneticists that operate with metal scrapers instead of experimental medical contraband, and the result is cleaner teeth instead of glowing red pupils. 
 I've bribed cyberneticists to ply their trade and enhance my fragile mortal body!!
 [[tooth sparkle]]
 Certain bacteria may be able to survive a long trip in space, and there's a theory that life on OUR VERY PLANET was seeded by such space-born organic materials.
 This theory is called "panspermia&quot;!
 HILARIOUS.
 I'm not!
 They're undermining it by choosing such hilarious names! You know what it's called if you think the organic life is sent out on purpose by aliens?
 DIRECTED PANSPERMIA. That doesn't sound like the origin of life on earth! That sounds like a CRAZY FRIDAY NIGHT.
 Nobody's smelling roses called Flower of Sperm Directed Onto Everything Ever"!
 ...Okay, listen, maybe they'd smell them ONCE.
 If I say "Guys, I know I'm rad&quot;, what am I saying? What does it actually mean to KNOW something? Philosophers have struggled with this for ages!
 Luckily, the answer is super easy and they should have come up with it sooner!
 Knowledge of anything, radness included, comes about if three conditions are met: that this thing is true, that I believe it to be true, and that I have a JUSTIFIED cause for this belief! Perhaps my justification of radness is that I've been shot out of a cannon onto a motorbike, which is extremely rad. When these three conditions are met, then I've got what's called a Justified True Belief, and that, my friends, is what knowledge is!
Utahraptor: Okay, so we're hanging out, and I say "T-Rex, I'm gonna go nap in your bed.&quot;
 I say, "Dude, feel free!&quot;
 Utahraptor!!
 Please don't get murdered in my bedroom, Utahraptor
 A person's activity is often used by law enforcement when pursuing a conviction!  Facebook posts, Twitter updates and Google searches for "how to murder the sucky neighbour&quot; have all been used as evidence of intentful wrongdoing.
 I can totally use this to my advantage!
 AS SUCH, I've recently done tons of Google searches for "how to avoid breaking laws&quot;, &quot;i love being not guilty&quot;, &quot;how to be an EVEN MORE innocent dude&quot;, and &quot;how to avoid crime because, not unlike Batman himself, I too hate crime&quot;.  
 Nothing!!
 Now if I'm ever accused of wrongdoing, any investigation will reveal these posts and my extreme innocence!
 Man, there's nothing illegal about being big into innocence!  Besides, Utahraptor, I'M not the one who looked up "how to frame T-Rex for future criminal activities??&quot; on my home computer.
 ...I looked it up on yours.
 But friends forever, right?
 That's binding, right?
<title>Here Lies  He's Dead, But That Doesn't Mean You Should Make Fun Of Him.</title>
 Time for some more epitaphs, bitches!
 Time for some more epitaphs, everyone!!
 Here Lies  Hey I Bet He's Still Wicked Handsome!
 Depressing!
Dromiceiomimus: "Here Lies  He Never Stopped Saying &quot;Frig&quot; / Even If He Stopped Saying Other Words&quot;.
 BAD. ASS.
Utahraptor: Here lies  He lived his life well / and tried to understand.
 Boooring!
 Epitaphs need to grab the attention of passers by, Utahraptor - you're competing with EVERYONE ELSE who's ever died!
Utahraptor: Here Lies  His Heart Was Punched Out Of His Chest By A Robot, But Then Wind Blew His Heart Into The Robot's Face And The Robot Said, "Error, Oh Man, Gross&quot;.
 Niiiiiice. I also would have accepted "Here Lies  He Tried To Eat One Of Every Animal; Hopefully That Counts For Something!&quot;
 Because. . . hopefully it does, you know?
 Guys, it's totally easy to predict the future. Observe: IN THE FUTURE, the general public will be given ample opportunities to purchase the solid gold hits of this, our current decade!
 Just like how everyone in the 20s was a flapper!!
 No doubt!
 IN THE FUTURE, we'll solve the old problems but we'll also have new problems.
 The future, ladies and gentlemen!!
 Maaaan!
 I forgot to predict friggin' ROCKET BOOTS
 My life - ALL LIVES, in fact - would be measurably improved if I had a sweet accent! FACT.
 And it totally doesn't count to say I already have an accent!
 We're being relative here; it has to be different from everyone else around me. Wouldn't it be great if I sounded like Dame Judi Dench, Dromiceiomimus? I mean, a male version? Ooh, or like Cary Grant! I could sound like the platonic form of charming, suave, unreliable and debonair MANHOOD.
 Oh, for sure, but all my accents sound like bad Irish fakes!
 It's confusing and disappointing.
 Utahraptor, that's brilliant! Oh my gosh. My lifelong dream can finally now be realized!
 Why, hello there, Utahraptor! Wouldn't you say I sound like a young Cary Grant?
 Well, sure! It would be harder to hear my accent, however, if our conversation were relayed in a text-based medium.
T-Rex" Can we accept that everyone on the internet is PROBABLY a Nazi, and move on??
 Keep up the good work!
 I respectfully disagree!!
 Bitches gotta know when they've screwed up capitalization!
 Honestly.
 I ACTUALLY HAVE NO PROBLEM WITH THAT
 RIGHT ON
 Man, here I thought it stood for "Fellow Against Galactophagists&quot;!
 Sheesh
 I'm God and I'm going to create life!
 Okay so first off I'm going to invent the week!  Monday's for inventing light, Tuesday's for inventing sky, Wednesday's for inventing stars and moons, Thursday's for inventing land and trees, Friday's for inventing sea beasts and birds, and Saturday's for inventing animals and dinosaurs and humans!  Sunday's for chillaxin'.
 And now I'm going to put everyone into a big garden!  Nobody eat the fruit of one particular tree, okay?!
 Okay!
 Oops. Oh well!
 People are predicting the future all the time. All the time, you guys!
 Someone must have gotten it right by now!
 So I'm going to go back and read tons of "Life in the World of Tomorrow&quot; articles from centuries past, and find the one dude who was the closest to being accurate.
 What do you mean, "And then what&quot;? And then I'm going to read a bunch of startlingly accurate predictions about our futuristic society!
 I know!
 I'd love to go back in time and tell him "Hey man - of everyone here, you were the most right.&quot; Actually - I think I'd mostly just like to hear that myself.
 Okay, time travellers! This is your LAST CHANCE to tell me I'm the more right guy here. Right now. Now! Nownownow. Now! Nnnnnnow! Now. ...Aw maaaan.
 Today is a good day I think to find some excitement!
 Hmm...stomping this house is kind of exciting, but it's a more familiar feeling - like getting served a favourite meal.  It's good, but I know how it's going to end. I think I can do something more exciting.
  Well! Stomping on this woman is exciting but again - too familiar. 
 I'm looking for excitement! But so far it's been pretty much a "bust&quot;. 
 Yeah man!
 And I could land on my enemies houses!
 "Surprise!&quot;
  Let us assume that everyone alive today has two biological parents, a mother and a father.  I will call this the "No Cloned Chicks&quot; hypothesis!
  And let us further assume that everyone's parents had a biological mother and father too!
  This seems pretty reasonable.  But it can't possibly be the case!  If you take me, I've got two parents.  My parents have two parents themselves, so this means that three generations ago, four people are needed to eventually produce me.  Another generation back, we're eight people, and five generations ago gives me sixteen ancestors!
  That's exactly the problem!
  At fifty-five generations, I've got over TEN QUADRILLION grandparents all running around at the same time!  Man!  There's NO WAY there was room for that.
  ...Huh!  So the fact that there weren't ten quadrillion people 1500 years ago SCIENTIFICALLY PROVES that some of my ancestors liked sexing it up with their cousins!!
 ...  
 ...Huh.
  Ooh, let's!!
  Clearly!
  I dunno!  At some fuzzy point if would switch for most observers from "heap&quot; to, say, &quot;small pile&quot;, and there we can draw the line.  Language isn't that precise.
  Sounds kinda dumb to to me!
  The point at which a shrinking heap of sand becomes a non-heap.  Clearly I'm supposed to struggle with an arbitrary threshold, because piles on either side of it look much the same.  But it's just language!  Look at statistical usage of the word "heap&quot;, decide using that average, end of story.
  Oh snap, philosophers!  Did T-Rex just totally school you with statistically-based descriptivist approach to semantics?  IT APPEARS THAT HE TOTALLY DID!!  It also appears he's speaking in the third person because he's so impressed with his awesome self!
 Hah hah!  Yep!
 And I TOTALLY haven't paid it back yet, either!
 He told you about that?
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, he told me because he'd lent you the money a long time ago, and he was concerned that asking you for it a third time in as many months was not polite.  I told him YOU were the one who was impolite in for putting him in this situation!
 Man, now I'M the bad guy for not honoring debts in a timely manner?
 Utahraptor!  Homeslice!  Oh, I wasn't talking about you, I was referring to another debt which - um, I also owe?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you only ever call me nicknames when you owe me money.
 Aw, that's no true!  C'mon, Shortpants!
 !!
 Oh my God, from now on his name is definitely Shortpants.
  I am a guy who really likes Batman.  And it occurs to me: at some point in my life I'm going to be an old man!
  I'm going to be an old man who really likes Batman!
  It's gonna be so awesome.  Am I to imagine that one day I somehow WON'T be interested in figthin' crime, punchin' dudes, and saying things like "I AM THE NIGHT&quot;?  Of course not!  When I'm old I'll be sitting on a rocking chair next to the other old men, arguing about whether it's Batman or Bruce Wayne that's the real mask.  CLEARLY BRUCE IS THE MASK.
  Oh, it totally does.
  I have NO IDEA where I'll be or what I'll be doing in fifty years but when I picture myself talking about Batman everything falls into place.  I'll always have that, you know?  No matter what happens, I'll always be able to argue about Batman.
  Utahraptor, please!  For every Batman argument that comes out of my mouth there's like eighty of them that go on in my head.
 Perennial teen Archie Andres of Riverdale, USE?!  To whom?
 Oh, poor Veronica!
 Man, I'd rather she expand her horizons beyond the ten NON-BACKGROUND characters in Riverdale.  Her dating options there are, in their entireity: Archie, Moose, Dilton, Chuck, Reggie, and Jughead.  That's it!  PROBABLY SHE CAN DO BETTER.  Maybe she should chat up Background Teen In Green Shirt once in a while, you know?
  Yes!
  And that is a valid complaint!  I hate it when fictional universes are SO CLAUSTROPHOBIC that everyone's hanging out in the same swimming pool.
  Okay that's a metaphor, but just BARELY.  It's basically a literal description of what's going on.
  Only so many characters can splash around in a swimming pool at the same time.  And they keep bumping into each other!
  Man!  If there's a better two-sentence summary of BOTH Star Wars and Archie comics, I don't want to hear it!
 You know what hasn't happened in space yet? Friggin' murder! Nobody's been murdered in space yet!
 Guys! This means I still have a chance!
 No, man! That's a sucky way to go down in history. But as the first MURDEREE in space, going out as a floating corpse in Zero G: that's something! And it's totally easy. All I need to do is convince some spaceman, when the time comes, to murder me!
 That's for the courts to decide, my friend!
 Listen, bottom line: when my time on this planet is just about up, I'm going up into space and you're going to murder me, okay? Surprise me with a knife!
 for the sake of history, Utahraptor!!
 I can already see the headline: "The First Dude Murdered In Space!&quot;
 At the very least!!
 Last night I dreamt I had been invited to a fancy party, far away, and the host was nice enough to buy me a plane ticket to get there.
 Finally, things were looking up for dream T-rex!
 This was at noon, dream time, and the plane was to leave at six. I made myself a sandwich, but it must've taken a while, because when I looked at the clock, it was 6:30 already! I'd missed my flight AND party entirely, and my friends all chastised me for being so dumb. "Why didn't you leave at least two hours for check in with an international flight?&quot; they said!
 Yeah, it was great!
 I remember saying "OBVIOUSLY it was a dumb mistake, guys. It'll never happen again; now I know to always leave plenty of time to get to the airport!&quot;
 Exactly!
 I'm now learning life lessons WHILE I SLEEP, Utahraptor. I'm pretty sure I've moved on to the next stage of existence. I'm pretty sure when I wake up tomorrow, I'll be a being of PURE ENERGY. I'm pretty sure I'll come back and visit though, so no worries!
 Medal stores will totally sell you whatever medal you ask for!
 !
 I - why are people competing for first prize in a track meet when they can go out and buy a bigger trophy that says "ACTUAL FIRST PRIZE IN THE TRACK MEET: WAY BETTER THAN THAT OTHER GUY&quot;?
Dromiceiomimus: Probably for the fun of sport, T-Rex! The goal isn't actually the trophy.
 Then I'm sure nobody will mind when I'm at the awards ceremony, making a big deal of my way more awesome prize!
Utahraptor: There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive, T-Rex!
 Oh?
 And yours could say "CHUMLY PAL&quot;! Oh my gosh, YES. Let's award each other medals!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, thanks for the award, but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says "DROMICEIOMIMUS: THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX-SYLLABLE NAME&quot;.
 I understand, Dromiceiomimus!
 I didn't know they'd be engraving it live
 Medal stores will totally sell you whatever medal you ask for!
 !
 I - why are people competing for first prize in a track meet when they can go out and buy a bigger trophy that says "ACTUAL FIRST PRIZE IN THE TRACK MEET: WAY BETTER THAN THAT OTHER GUY&quot;?
Dromiceiomimus: Probably for the fun of sport, T-Rex! The goal isn't actually the trophy.
 Then I'm sure nobody will mind when I'm at the awards ceremony, making a big deal of my way more awesome prize!
Utahraptor: There's a way we can turn this realization of yours into something more positive, T-Rex!
 Oh?
 And yours could say "CHUMLY PAL&quot;! Oh my gosh, YES. Let's award each other medals!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, thanks for the award, but I'm not wearing a gold medal that says "DROMICEIOMIMUS: THE CLASSY DAME WITH THE SIX-SYLLABLE NAME&quot;.
 I understand, Dromiceiomimus!
 I didn't know they'd be engraving it live
 In the 1300's, the regular chicks and dudes in England were speaking what we'd call "Middle English&quot;, a rapidly developing alternative to the Latin and French used in religion and government.
 It was an exciting time to be saying "Forsooth&quot;!
 And some of these dudes were big into English being developed as a "real&quot; language, particularly one John Wycliffe, who decided to translate the Bible - one of, if not THE most important book of his time - into casual English. This would allow John's less educated countrymen to read it since, as it'd been written in Latin since the 5th century, currently required either formal education or a priest to interpret it for you!
 But when they started translating, they ran onto some problems!
 That, but also a lot of English words they needed didn't exist yet! So John invented them, and we still use his "behemoth&quot;, &quot;puberty&quot;, and &quot;zeal&quot;. But he also needed a word for intestines&quot;, and the phrase he came up with - FOR THE BIBLE, I REMIND YOU - was &quot;arse ropes&quot;.
 And that brings us to today"#8217;s Proof We&quot;#8217;re Not Living In The Best of All Possible Worlds!
 Today is a good day I think for revenge!
 REVENGING MYSELF UPON MY ENEMIES, THAT IS!
 Specifically, revenging myself upon my enemies by finding out what their full names are, and then popularizing an insulting or embarrassing acronym that uses those initials.
 Like WTF! If I had an enemy named "Walter Theodore Freemont&quot; I could invent WTF and then he'd be annoyed.
 I know! It was an example, GEEZ.
 I'm going to invent a NEW acronym that goes along with some enemy's initials, then ensure it gets super popular! Revenge: COMPLETED.
 Oh my God, people who say "IMHO&quot; in real life are just - Utahraptor? I am having trouble dealing with our friendship at the moment.
 I want to be Dick Tracy for Halloween
 But my mom says I should be a witch
 Oooh, she burns me up!!! Only pussies dress up as witches
 Who told you that?!
 Harry Potter's not a pussy!
 Yesterday I saw one of those mugs with a super cute drawing of a bear on it with the text "Good friends make life BEARABLE.&quot; Adorable!
 Only I didn't immediately notice the bear!
 And the "BEAR&quot; part of &quot;BEARable&quot; wasn't capitalized. So my impression was simply of a mug with black text stating &quot;Good friends make life bearable&quot;. It was this amazing mug of depression, a mug that broadcast to all who can read that life is pain, nothing but pain, that life will kill you and that only good friends can make it even briefly sustainable.
 I know, right?
 People are done with mugs that say cute things like "I Hate Mondays&quot; or &quot;World's Best Dad&quot;. We want realist mugs! Mugs that say things like &quot;Maybe Mondays Aren't The Problem; Maybe I'm The Problem.&quot;
 I can!
[[T-Rex imagines tiny Batman head on left talking to tiny Spider-man head on right]]
 ...LATER.
 Man, Dromiceiomimus has been looking fantastic lately! I would DEFINITELY rate her current attractiveness as AT LEAST a nine point five on ten!!
 I-
[[T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus look at each other awkwardly]]
 Man!
 I should've went with it when I saw her; stopping in mid-sentence just admits guilt. I should've said, "That's right, Dromiceiomimus! YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING GREAT LATELY.&quot;
 Only because I always reserve point five for emergencies!!
 Dromiceiomimus, you're a perfect 9.5 on 10!
 That's a perfect ten and luckily I reserved some extra points for this scenario, listen I gotta go lie down.
 Man, Dromiceiomimus has been looking fantastic lately! I would DEFINITELY rate her current attractiveness as AT LEAST a nine point five on ten!!
 I-
[[T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus look at each other awkwardly]]
 Man!
 I should've went with it when I saw her; stopping in mid-sentence just admits guilt. I should've said, "That's right, Dromiceiomimus! YOU HAVE BEEN LOOKING GREAT LATELY.&quot;
 Only because I always reserve point five for emergencies!!
 Dromiceiomimus, you're a perfect 9.5 on 10!
 That's a perfect ten and luckily I reserved some extra points for this scenario, listen I gotta go lie down.
 Man, I totally missed out on my window for skydiving. I should've done it when I was younger!
 I had WAY less to lose then!
Dromiceiomimus: What do you mean, T-Rex? A catastrophic dive in either case and you're still dead.
 True, but if I die at, say, 50, that's 50 years of accumulated experience, knowledge and responsibility that die with me! But if I die at 16 then all the world loses is one wacky teen and one handful of pages of wacky teen fan fiction.
 Ouch!
 .... Interesting.
 You know, life's funny, Utahraptor. I woke up this morning convinced that it would be better to die in a skydiving accident at 16 than at 50. Now I don't know what to believe!
 Actually I guess not
 Most detective stories reveal clues to the reader as they progress through the book, allowing them to unravel the mystery with the characters, and, if they're good, figure out the mystery before the detective does!
 Not my detective story, you guys!!
 My detective doesn't show all the clues to the reader! He's always detecting stuff that the reader doesn't know and can't know, and at the end when he figures out the mastery, he arrests the murderer for reasons that we aren't privy to and that no careful reading of the text will ever reveal.
 The end!
Utahraptor: Sounds pretty boring AND frustrating, T-Rex!
 It's not! I added in some NARRATIVE TENSION too!
 AS the story progresses, the narrator increasingly gives up on mystery ever being solved, and instead of describing the actions of the detective, indulges his interest in interior decoration and describes the curtains on the wall.
 It is!
 I call my tale, "The Stabby Murderer Who Got Detected, Or, Wow Will You Look At These Curtains?&quot;
 Man, they say to write what you know, but I think they're just jealous of my awesome imagination!
 Most detective stories reveal clues to the reader as they progress through the book, allowing them to unravel the mystery with the characters, and, if they're good, figure out the mystery before the detective does!
 Not my detective story, you guys!!
 My detective doesn't show all the clues to the reader! He's always detecting stuff that the reader doesn't know and can't know, and at the end when he figures out the mastery, he arrests the murderer for reasons that we aren't privy to and that no careful reading of the text will ever reveal.
 The end!
Utahraptor: Sounds pretty boring AND frustrating, T-Rex!
 It's not! I added in some NARRATIVE TENSION too!
 AS the story progresses, the narrator increasingly gives up on mystery ever being solved, and instead of describing the actions of the detective, indulges his interest in interior decoration and describes the curtains on the wall.
 It is!
 I call my tale, "The Stabby Murderer Who Got Detected, Or, Wow Will You Look At These Curtains?&quot;
 Man, they say to write what you know, but I think they're just jealous of my awesome imagination!
 Maybe it's a good idea that people don't live forever. Rhetorical people, I mean!
 Like me and my dinosaur friends!
 If everyone lived forever, then there'd still be folks alive today who feel PERSONALLY AGGRIEVED by the ancient Koban culture, or who hold true to their born belief that the Earth rightfully belongs to, I dunno -  the Visigoths? We'd never get anything done because we'd all be bickering over ancient wrongs, real or imagined. If we can't forgive, death at least gives us the option to forget!
Utahraptor:  coming out strongly in favour of death?
 Apparently!!
 Obviously I'd rather have an alive grandparent than a dead one, but I can see the advantage at the societal level in not having folks with mores thousands of years out of date still rinning around!
 Exactly! And now they're all dead, and the Kobans are dead, and we can all go through life without dealing with their irrelevant racism. 
 Progress! Progress through everybody dying anf their kids eventually not caring who their parents hated!
 How come there wasn't science fiction a thousand years ago? I gotta say...
 The serfs certainly dropped the ball on that one!
 It's weird, isn't it, Dromiceiomimus? I don't see any reason why past dudes couldn't have written stories about what life would be like down the road. Why couldn't they have imagined horses that, when ridden fast enough,  travelled back through time and allowed you to sass up your parents?
 Explain!
 Okay, that's a good point. However! I will not concede until at least ONE ancient manuscript is uncovered that includes the line "Hay? where we're going, we don't need... hay.&quot; And then the horseman has to flip down the visor of his armour, okay?
 Yep!
 Pretty sure I just ate some spider eggs!!
 There were gross red egg-sac things at the bottom of my drink, Dromiceiomimus! And I thought "Gross&quot; and then I said &quot;At least I didn't consume any of them though!&quot; and then I forgot about how you should never say things like that because then I found some sacs stuck between my teeth too.
 I KNOW
Utahraptor: You can either be optimistic or pessimistic about this, T-Rex!
 Today, my friend, I choose pessimism!
 Maybe THESE are the spiders who thrive on stomach acid! Maybe in a week I'll be vomiting up millions of tiny red spiders, over and over again. And maybe that won't be enough, and the rest will eat their way out, tunneling through my stomach, muscles, and finally, skin.
 Pessimists say that by expecting the worst, they're pleasantly surprised when things don't go that badly! I thought I'd give it a try, but honestly... 
 I don't think pessimists are imagining hard enough
 Man, speaking of pessimism, you know who's pessimistic?
 Arthur Friggin' Schopenhauer!
 Not only did A.F.S. not believe that this is the best of all possible worlds, he supplied a proof that this is, in fact, the WORST of all possible worlds! First he assumed that the worst possible world would be sustainable, since if it ended, nobody would be around to suffer. Prolonged suffering across millenia beats instant death!
 CLEARLY.
 Then he observed that our world is good enough to support life, but just barely!
 Sure, but one small shift in orbit, a slight change in temperature, and it's a catastrophe on a global scale. There's no wiggle room; if our fragile world was only a little worse there would be no life on it at all!
 Yep! Because any worse and it wouldn't be a world, it would just be an empty planet without suffering, and nature ABHORS an empty planet without suffering.
 Anyway!
 I believe it was after this proof that A.F.S. added the "Friggin'&quot; to his name!
 Today is a good day I think for leitwortstil!
 Leitwortstil is the purposeful repetition of words or phrases in a story, you guys!
 For example, a dog might always be described as "that wacky jerk&quot; in a story, to underline what a wacky jerk that dog turned out to be. Or in a collection of stories, the same phrase might appear in each story, which helps tie them together as a whole! Leitwortstil ALSO happens when a character says the same word over and over and over again.
 Sure!
 My friend, I believe you are unfortunately TOTES WRONG on this one!
 I stubbed my toe! Frig frig frig frig frig! ...Hey, Shakespeare! I just leitwortstiled "frig&quot;!
 ...I think it's broken!
 I'm not afraid to admit it: I've nurtured some talents and have become particularly good at certain things.
 For example: stomping on things!
 I am really good at stomping on things. Years of practice have enabled me to put my foot above an object, shift my weight to the foot with force, and thus compress whatever is beneath my foot. And should I see someone struggling with stomping, something SO HARD for them and yet so easy for me, I would gladly help them out!
 Of course!
 And you agree that this is the right thing for me to do, assuming nobody is hurt through the stomping.
 ...
Utahraptor: But I'm STILL not cleaning raccoon poop off your porch, T-Rex!
 UTAHRAPTOR we just LOGICALLY PROVED that if raccoon poop makes me puke and you can handle it fine, then you should be the one cleaning it!!
 Please, Utahraptor, I-
 I can't handle the fact that my neighbours are poopy raccoons
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, why won't you lend me $20?
 Because I have to put my foot down!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, why are you putting in all these long hours?
 I'm just trying to get a leg up!
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex, why are you dressed up so fancy?
 I'm stepping out!
Utahraptor:  Hey T-Rex, what's your favourite percussion-based theatrical experience?
 The Blue Man Group!
 What?! I really do like it! It makes me so happy!
 People who say "Always be true to yourself&quot; fail to consider that there are completely unrepentant murderers.
 That's right, I said it! Some people's true selves are total chumps!
 I would like it if the chumpified chicks and dudes were true to other selves, please.
 There's lots of good ones.
 ...Batman's an obvious choice.
 Sure!
 But Shakespeare wrote it for a CHARACTER, which doesn't mean that he personally believed it. You can write a story about a mad scientist and not actually want to wear retro aviator goggles all the time.
 I mean, the RHETORICAL "you&quot; can.
 *sigh*
 Time for some new punctuation marks, bitches!!
 And double exclamation marks don't count, bitches!!
 That's right, britches!!
 I concede the point easily, backstitches!!
 Yes! New punctuation marks!
 Okay, so I want one that conveys all the sass of saying "x, bitches!!&quot; without the casual cussing and for any value of x. I want punctuation that when read causes all readers - regardless of who or when they are - to whisper a frank and awed &quot;oh snap!&quot;
 Utahraptor, were you using my new punctuation there? Did you mean to convey "Convince everyone it's a good idea, bitches!!&quot;?
 Okay!
 It's just - I don't really know what it sounds like yet
 Maslow was a dude who put all of our needs and desires into a hierarchy! The whole idea was that you can't satisfy any desire at the top of the hierarchy until you satisfy those beneath it.
 Nice going, Maslow!
 At the top is SELF ACTUALIZATION, which sounds pretty great, right? Except you can't get there unless you've already satisfied the level beneath it, which is esteem. And you don't get esteem - both self and from others - without relationships, and you don't worry about friggin' relationships until your basic safety needs are met. And finally, you don't worry about basic safety if you need to poop!
 Maslow said it, not me!
 Well, he said the gist of it.
 Okay, no, but he DID come up with the theoretical framework that allows a phrase such as mine to be reasonably constructed in a meaningful context.
 Don't look at me like that, Utahraptor! If my life's work is only used by some guy decades down the line to crack wise about poopin', I'll count myself as one lucky dude with one awesome legacy.
 I set 'em up, future generations knock 'em down!
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: Today is the day I give Dromiceiomimus the nice book I bought for her!
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: Yes! I am the thoughtful friend who buys presents for no reason!
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: And even though sometimes I talk so much that I don't let her get a word in edgewise, I'm still happy to give her the book I got, called "I'll Talk Less And Listen More: A Book To Give A Friend Who Is Pretty Okay, More Than Pretty Okay, Even!&quot;
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: Utahraptor, I bought you some shoes!
T-Rex, from within a thought cloud: I asked for size AWESOME!  ...And then I clarified that down to a size large.  Here you go, my friend! Thanks for being so great!
Batman, from within T-Rex's thought cloud: The thing is, if I were real, I think we both know that I'd never have the time to hang out with a NON crime-fighting dinosaur.
 ...
 *sigh*
 Dollars for sale! DOLLARS FOR SALE!
 Dollars for sale, you guys!
 Dollars for sale in an auction where everyone pays their highest bid, whether or not they win!
 So when you bid 1 cent, Dromiceiomimus - FOR A PERFECTLY LEGITIMATE DOLLAR - you'll be getting a great deal and you'll make a profit of 99 cents! But watch out, because if Utahraptor outbids you with 2 cents, then you could lose your penny!  Remember you have to pay your high bid either way.
 True!
 Would you say... "The only winning move is not to play?&quot;
 You know those guys who die in really stupid, preventable ways that are entirely their fault? I'm pretty sure there's like a billion different timelines where I'M that guy!
Dromiceiomimus (from outside the panel): I'm sure there's not a BILLION of them, T-Rex.
 Hah!
 Dromiceiomimus, just recently this dude was found dead with shards of glass in his heart! You know what happened? His new lava lamp was taking TOO FRIGGIN' LONG to warm up, so he put it on his stove and heated it, and it got too hot and exploded on him and he died.
 I know! And I'm not the only one who heard that story and thought, "Wow; glad he got the lava lamp before I did.&quot;
Utahraptor: A man died, T-Rex! That's not funny!
 Utahraptor, I'm not joking!
 I truly believe I could've been the one who died. The sort of thing he did is exactly the sort of thing you do when you're home alone and frustrated with a lava lamp! You SOLVE PROBLEMS.
 Yes! But we recognize that one dies so that others may live.
 By we, I mean of course the membership of the People Who When They Hear A Story About An Avoidable And Crazy Death, Laugh As Is Expected Of Them And Then Make A Mental Note To Not Do That Thing Anymore.
 Our slogan is "Hi, you are probably already a member of our awesome club!&quot;
 Attention everyone! I have some terrible news!
 It turns out that we never get good at splitting the bill!
 Dromiceiomimus, I ate dinner with a group of 40-YEAR-OLDS over the weekend. And guess which table was over A THIRD short on the bill? OH HEY, IT WAS OUR TABLE!
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: Maaaaaaaaan
 I know! ME TOO.
 But apparently adding up the cost of your items while also including tax and tip remains and UNKNOWABLE DARK MAGICK even at 40. I'm dining tonight to see if it ever gets any better.
 Thanks!
 Utahraptor, the 80-year-olds paid the bill perfectly!
 I know! AND they get to be referred to by the mass noun "elderlies&quot;!
 TOTALLY looking forward to being an old guy over here!
 Today is the day, my friends! Yes! FINALLY. Today is the day!
 Today is the day we mess with people who have tattoos!
 Dromiceiomimus, did you hear that if you have a bird tattoo, it means that you're big into hugs? Giving, receiving, watching, it's all good to you!
 It stands for "I will flip the bird RIGHT NOW to anyone who doesn't like hugs; I'm not even joking.&quot;
 ...Yes?
 And a third "h&quot;?
 The Huxtables were a family on a TV show. TV is what we had before we got video in our brains! And everyone who read this comic when it first came out was really great, even if we're all dead now.
 ...What's the future like?
 Huh?
 Why not?!
 You do?
 What the hell?! That was my idea!
 The idea that horses are nature's dominoes! I had that idea like 5 years ago! GOD TOTALLY STOLE MY IDEA AND GOT IT AS A TATTOO.
 Um, according to some religions, GOD CAN DO ANYTHING??
 Not mine though! In MY religion, God now has to pay me royalties every time anyone sees his tattoo!
 Today is a good day, I think, for a guest comic.
 I'm in a comic!?
 It appears that by informing me of my current existence within a medium of entertainment, the guest comic author has already broken the so-called "fourth wall&quot;.
 but as a character in a comic, I am required to be a source of entertainment.  This is a demand that I have up to now been unaware of. Thus I must provide the reader with some semblance of comedic banter... perhaps a pun using the phrase "breaking the fourth wall&quot; and my current action of crushing many walls.
 Since I do not have a joke readily available, I will just have to resort to entertainment through violence. 
 How so?
 But what if he forgets to come up with a funny punchline?  If I have no free will, does that mean that I will be forced to just take up space in the last caption and say nothing at all?
  I don't see a punchline!
 Seriously, who does that?
 Maybe there IS actually a personal benefit to being mortal and dying one day.
 I know, IT SOUNDS CRAZY, but stay with me!
 We mortal people get an end to pain that immortal dudes never get. Unlike immortal dudes, there's a finite number of times I'm going to stub my toe so hard that it breaks. One time I'll stub my toe and it'll break and I'll be able to say, "There, that's done with. I'm never stubbing my toe THAT friggin' hard again. I can finally put this TOTALLY RIDICULOUS aspect of being alive behind me.&quot; - even if I could never know it at the time!
 Exactly!
 So now when something bad happens, I'll assume I'll die soon, so it's the last time it'll ever happen to me. I'll be able to sigh and just let it go.
 Exactly! I'm not stubbing THESE toes any more!
 FRIG I STUBBED MY TOES AGAIN!
 WHAT
 IS
 THE
 DEAL
 WITH
 STUBBED TOES THAT HURT REALLY BAD
 I am a man who doesn't know a lot of basic things about himself. I barely know what colour my eyes are!
 O- Orange? Deep saffron? GAMBOGE?
 But there's tons of other stuff I've never bothered to memorize too! What's my blood type? Social insurance number? Hat Size? The thing is, Dromiceiomimus, responding "Yes please&quot; on a questionnaire only works for SOME of these questions.
Dromiceiomimus: So memorize them, T-Rex! You're an adult now. Your hat size isn't going to change.
 You know what? She's right! I should memorize these things.
 Well, I'm going to be an adult, Utahraptor! I'm going to memorize ALL SORTS of useful facts about my body!
 Whatever, dudes!!
 I decided I wanted life to have some mystery.
 I'm pretty sure I could be an amazing dentist, you guys!
 In fact, I'm pretty sure I'm ALREADY an amazing dentist, you guys!
 I've got good teeth and it occurs to me that I'M the one who brushes my teeth every day and night. I'm TOTALLY RESPONSIBLE for all the day-to-day oral hygiene that goes on in my awesome mouth!
 My dentist is more of a - supervisor, you know? I check in with him once a year and he gives me some pointers. Then, I pay him for the pointers.
 OHHHHHHHHHH
 Mylings are Scandinavian ghosts! They're way better than regular ghosts, you guys!
 They're the ghosts of cheezed-off kids!
 They're cheezed-off ghost kids who just want to be buried properly. And if you encounter one, it hops on your back and demands to be taken to the nearest graveyard. And as you approach the graveyard they grow heavier and heavier, until they're so heavy that you can sink into the ground under their weight. And if that happens then they kill you in a rage and try again with the next guy!
 AWESOME.
 Man, who knows?!
 But what IS awesome is the idea of a ghost who just wants to be buried, but who, despite this one consuming desire, also can't resist pulling the old "increasing mass piggyback ride&quot; prank.
 Oh man, I totally do!
 If I could increase my mass, you can bet I'd be going for gag piggyback rides ALL THE TIME! As it stands though, all I can do is eat fruit from passing trees DURING the ride.
 Yeah, it definitely takes too long
 I'm totally going to fake my own death today.
 Everyone, don't tell anyone!!
 I've got it all set up.  My diary today says "I think SOMEONE's gonna murder me today!&quot; and I've made YouTube comments that say &quot;pretty sure someone wants to murder me &gt;:|&quot; and there won't be a body in my house, just a note that says &quot;MAN I guess I got murdered, huh?&quot;.
Dromiceiomimus: Those sound like pretty suspicious circumstances, T-Rex!
 The only thing suspicious is how APPARENTLY perfect my murder is!
 I - okay?
 Man, what if I just paid my late fees instead
 David Hilbert was a mathematician and hotelier who was born in 1892.  He built an infinite hotel, you guys!
 So Hilbert built this infinite hotel that was infinitely big and had infinitely many rooms; I believe this was a matter of some investment.  But build it he did, and soon after a bus with infinity people in it showed up, with each of them wanting a room!  Lucky for Hilbert he had his infinite hotel, so each guest got a room, and the hotel was filled up to capacity.  Nice!  But just then another friggin' bus showed up, and it ALSO had infinity people in it!
 Turns out they do!
 He just told every guest already there to move into the room that was double their current room number.  So the guest in room 3 moved into room 6, and so on!  Thus, only the even-numbered rooms were occupied, and everyone on the new bus could have an odd-numbered room!
 Yep!  Anyway!
 It's my understanding that he died an infinitely rich man infinity years later
  History if full of chumps, you guys!!
  Today's historical chump is William H. Mumler (born 1832), who was a photographer guy who did portraits!  Only he wasn't very good photographer guy because one time he accidentally double-exposed some film, and the resulting image showed the one portrait clearly but also showed a ghostly image of the other portrait!
  Nope!
  Instead he embarked on a career as a SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHER and made a lot of money duping a lot of people, including Abraham Lincoln's widow.  Only, peopleeventually started to notice that his "ghosts&quot; looked an awful lot like living people around town!
  They ALSO eventually noticed how he was breaking into their houses so he could look at photographs and figure out what his ghosts were supposed to look like.  Anyway like everyone else from history he eventually died and now his entire life has been compressed to a short story, the end!
 Yes!  Today is the day for some tips on how to convince yourself that no matter what you'll never find anyone bett-
 Okay!  Today is the day for some tips on being romantic!
 Flowers are nice, for all sexes and genders!   They're pretty and also - smell pretty?  Also!  It can be romantic to tell someone you love them.  Also, um.
 Okay, so here's the thing.  Probably there is someone out there who's better suited with you.  The odds of you both having found the ONE person who's absolutely best for you, no matter what system you use to rank "bestness&quot;, are pretty small.
 But!
 BUT.
 Let's say you're happy with person A (95% perfect) and you meet person B who is 99% perfect.  It doesn't make sense to leave person A for B if you've been with them for years!  You lose out on all your shared history, and that's like a times two multiplier!
 Romance with a times two multiplier!
 ...Righty-o
 Some folks got opinions, you guys!
 Some folks got opinions on what their genitals should be called, you guys!
 BY WAY OF AN EXAMPLE, "vagina&quot; comes from Latin, where it means &quot;sheath&quot; - as in something that goes around a sword!  And some people are like, check it, MY vagina does tons more than the passive &quot;sheath&quot; implies, so let's call it something else!
 That's what some people are like, Dromiceiomimus!!
 Yep!
 But they can also be entirely free from any quasi-insulting Latinate etymology the other words have.  There's people trying to reclaim these currently-taboo words in the same way "queer&quot; was!
 Yes, of course! *sigh*
 It is extremely erotic
 What's that, computer? Updates are available to be installed?
 FRIG YES
 I love friggin' updates! Why doesn't my computer do everything perfectly right now? Because if it did, I wouldn't get the joy of friggin' updating all the time!
 FRIG that'd be awesome. I love fixing stuff I didn't even break!!
Utahraptor: Did you hear that friggin' updates are available to be installed, T-Rex?
 I sure friggin' did!!
 We'll be saying this when we're 50 years old, you know. We'll still be installing friggin' updates.
 Oh frig! I think the future just got awesome!
 For a second there, I was worried the future wouldn't have the word "frig&quot; written all over it!!
 Did you know you can find instructions for making a bomb on the interweb?
 I didn't have any plutonium though,
 so I filled it with pictures from when we were kids!
 Say a friggin' word enough, and it loses all friggin' meaning!
 "Frig&quot; is a bad example though because that word is great. But we've all spent an afternoon saying something like &quot;waterpark&quot; over and over until there's nothing there, just sounds, just the empty shell of a word, waterpark, the oral equivalent of a forgotten childhood toy found in adulthood, now strange and alien and no longer coloured by desire, by anything, waterpark. Did the word ever really have any meaning?
 Waterpark, Utahraptor!
 It's too late to ask how or why. We're done for, Utahraptor. This is where our waterpark story ends.
 Utahraptor, I overdosed on semantic satiation! The word "waterpark&quot; has been sandblasted right out of my mind!
 That was the last instance I had!
 ...what word?
 The words for "mother&quot; and &quot;father&quot; are really similar, if not identical, across tons of languages! And the reason isn't because the languages are closely related. It's due to a way more awesome reason! 
 It's because parents totally assume their babies are talking about them! 
 It's so amazing: "ma&quot;, &quot;pa&quot; are some of the first and easiest language-like sounds babbling babies make - and what's the word for &quot;mother&quot; in English? &quot;Mama&quot;! And it's also &quot;mama&quot; in Dutch, and in Romanian, and in Catalan, Slovak, Quechu, Romanian, Chinese, German, Russian, and MORE. The languages have evolved such that the first language noise a baby makes sounds like it's saying &quot;Hey mom, what's up?&quot;
 Neat!
 Man, it's great! Across language, time, and entire civilizations, we're united by pointing at our babbling babies and saying, "Yes. This child is DEFINITELY talking about me.&quot;
 Hooray for egoism!
 Our bodies are amazing things!
 Check it, Everyone!
 We use our mouths to talk. We invent, remember and teach entire languages with which to do the talking! And if that fails, We can TALK WITH OUR HANDS. We build planes and boats and cars and spaceships, all by either using our bodies directly, or by using instruments invented by our bodies. We compose beautiful music and tell amazing stories, all with our bodies, these fleshy bags with spooky skeletons inside!
 And yet...
 And yet, if we have a severe enough peanut allergy, we can be killed IN SECONDS by a single friggin' legume. And hey, 70% of our planet's surface is water, but what happens if we spend too much time in it? WE DROWN.
 Game over, man!
 I used to make fun of Green Lantern for being vulnerable to the colour yellow! Then I choked on my orange juice one morning and nearly suffocated.
 ...
 *sigh*
 Last night I dreamt I was preparing to buy a boat, and by "preparing to&quot; I mean &quot;stressing out about the confusing but necessary paperwork in order to&quot;.
 Major snorefest!
 And I am not one to say "major snorefest&quot; lightly, Dromiceiomimus!
 Exactly! But it helped me realize: even when I'm dreaming of interesting things like zombies or sexin', it's still kinda disappointing.
 Folks have already imagined those things!!
 I want to dream about things I CAN'T otherwise experience: new colours and impossible shapes and sounds my ears could never process! In dreams my brain is decoupled from my limited senses; why doesn't it get ON this?
 FINE
T-Rex (thinking): Hey brain, this is me, the conscious part!
T-Rex (thinking): Listen
T-Rex (thinking): I would like more dreams in UHF please
 Today is the day I cook a meal for all my friends! You're coming, right God?
 ... Okay, great!
 Dromiceiomimus you're coming too, right?
 A themed dish for every guest! Yours is on the theme "vegetarian ornithomimidae&quot;
 "Gay&quot;.
 It'll be delicious! "Here's some gay&quot;, I'll say! &quot;Eat up!&quot;
 Well? Do you like it?
 ...
 Utahraptor your theme was REALLY TOUGH
 With new graphics?
 At the very least!!
 Maybe we could tweak it a bit though: advance it for the times!
 Aw man, things were going so well with the Devil for once!
 I suggested changing the gameplay mechanics while remaking an old game.
 I know, I know, I shouldn't answer that question, there exists no answer that can give any satisfaction.
 He's right there; just talk to him!
 When someone accidentally gets sent to the past, they always make sure to write a letter held in trust and delivered to their friends decades later, telling them that they made it alright!
 Pretty disappointed this hasn't happened to me yet, you guys!!
 MAYBE this letter will still be delivered to me in the future, but I'll be older then!  If I'm to do anything about it - if I'm to go back and Save My Friend - I should be getting the letter now, when I'm in my prime!
 Huh!  I hadn't thought of that!
Utahraptor: The letter probably says "Dear T-Rex, okay, let's try this again.  You'll get this when you're 80, let's see if you can come back and save me without stepping on ALL the butterflies this time, alright bitches??&quot;
 *gasp*
 No friend of MINE would commit a cuss like that to writing!
 Nothing bad happened!
 I don't understand.
 I have led my life believing that people who write down cuss words have bad things happen to them.
 And it has worked out really well so far!
 When I saw someone writing a cuss, I would think "It's okay, that person will have troubles down the line because of that, and then they'll realize why, and then they'll know not to write down cusses anymore. They will have learnt their lesson.&quot; But I wrote down some cusses last night and nothing bad happened!
 Nothing!
 That's what I thought!
 But after smaller cusses didn't take, I worked up to the bigger ones. And even they weren't doing anything! By the time it was time for bed, I was writing out things like "PROFESSOR CUNTBURGLAR&quot; in my notebook, complete with doodled 3D effects!
 I know! But then I realized there's probably a delay, so when a bunch of birds poop on my head later on this week I'm not going to wonder why.
 Look for me, I'll be the guy shielding my head with one hand while shouting "Don't worry everyone! I deserve this!!&quot;
 Which guy just totally shredded his phone bill?  Oh snap, looks like it was THIS guy!
 I'm a dude with a shredder now, ladies!!
 I paid my phone bill and then I shredded it, and then I shredded the envelope it came in, and then I wrote some secrets down and shredded THEM.  I will never get tired of shredding things with my new shredder, Dromiceiomimus!  I do hereby solemnly vow and affirm that I will be big into shredders until the day I die!  I swear it!
 This is big!
 Not anymore, Utahraptor!!  "I vow&quot; is the new &quot;I swear to God&quot;!
 Oh my God, this radio station sucks so bad!!
 HOLY CRAP!
 I VOW
 THAT THERE CAN BE NONE SUCKIER
 Oh daaaaaaaang!!
 Why was I not informed until now?!
 Vampires can have kids, Dromiceiomimus!  They can REPRODUCE through sex!
 Yeah, vampires can make more vampires either through bites OR through sex.  They have an entire reproduction option that we don't have!
 Kinda jealous over here!
 Yep!  There is that.
 And I actually don't think the bite option is that fun anyway.  Biting someone and getting their blood into your mouth?  Honestly?  I can think of like four better ways to spend a Friday night.
 Playing video games, eating food, hanging out with friends, and having ACTUAL SEX.
 Not necessarily all at the same time, either
 There's a house to stomp...
 STOMP! STOMP! STOMP!
 Wait, I've been here before...it's the Tyrone residence! Mr. Tyrone is arguing with his sons again...
 And there's Mrs. Tyrone, wandering aimlessly.  I could stomp her too...
 Why shouldn't I stomp them all?
 Oh.
 Oh crap! Everybody died!
 I'm the last one left on the planet!
 Oh craaaaaaaaaaa-
 You know what's dumb? MY MP3 PLAYER.
Dromiceiomimus: How is your MP3 player dumb, T-Rex?
 It should have one of those accelerometers or whatever in it, so it can charge itself from my motions throughout the day!
 Okay, that's dumb too!
 We should have something that can turn the motion of my legs into enough electricity to keep an MP3 player charged. There, I just invented it. Someone implement it now okay??
 OH MY GOD JUST DO IT OKAY??
 My autobiography, by me, T-Rex!  *ahem*
 I was born in the past.
 But then I got older, you guys!
 And I made some great friends and did some cool things. Eventually, one of these things I did was to write a book about them. And that brings us up to the present!
 So! Now I'm writing my book and stepping on this tiny woman. I'm kinda hungry?
 My friend Utahraptor is sassing this book I'm writing. He's really insulting ALL of us!
 "
 ", he said.
 !
 I'm not really sure how I did that!!
 I'm REALLY NOT SURE how that happened
 For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
 That's Newton's third law o' motion!
 And it means that when I slam into a wall and bounce off and hurt myself, I'm not sore because the wall is solid. I'm sore because the wall hits me - LITERALLY hits me! The wall DECIDES to hit me back with exactly as much force as I hit it with, and I'm the one who gets hurt!
 Man, how do we know?!
 We call it Newton's LAW because all matter in the Universe follows it. But maybe every atom of matter in the universe is imbued with JUST enough consciousness to decide to be a retaliatory dick every chance it gets!
Utahraptor: That's magical thinking, T-Rex.
 Utahraptor, I can live in a world of immutable scientific laws, or I can live in a world where I need to revenge myself on my kitchen floor because it smashed up a glass I dropped.
 Wait, when I put it that way it sounds kinda dumb!!
 Anything can be "inspired&quot; by a true story! One day I pooped to the moon.
 INSPIRED BY A TRUE STORY??
 There are awards for everything awarded by everyone, and if you don't specify I'm going to assume you won the "Worse Than Hitler Award For Real Terribleness&quot;. Unless it's the Nobel or the Pulitzer I'm really not interested!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, want to try my Pultizer-prize winning clam chowder?
 Yes! See? YES.
 THAT'S the sort of dinner experience that gets people's attention. That is the sort of dinner experience you put on your resume!!
T-Rex " Utahraptor: Proudly!!
 This chowder is good, but now I'm uncomfortably remembering how they only give out Pulitzers for books and stuff. No chowders.
 Of course!!
 Teens! Do you love biking? Sure You Do!
 You're a teen!!
 But did you know that biking without a helmet can be dangerous? Actually biking with a helmet can be dangerous too. Biking, regardless of helmet status, can be dangerous.
 Getting out of bed can be dangerous, teens!!
 But there might be teens ABOUT here!
 You know, teens walking by on their way to somewhere else.
 Yes! Eavesdropping teens who'll overhear our conversation and say "Holy smokes! I'd better learn to love safety!&quot; and then, they go and learn to love safety.
 Do they do it in the comfort of their own home? Do they do it in the "skate park&quot;? Who knows?! They're teens!
Utahraptor: Wow, when did you become an old man, T-Rex?
 It is something I am experimenting with
 Let's say you can live in any time period in history. Which period do you choose?
 I choose the future!
 Or at least, I did choose the future until I realized that things might not ACTUALLY be better down the road. If I lived 300 years from now, I could be living in a post apocalyptic time where most life has been obliterated by a catastrophic asteroid impact - an impact so large that enough dirt has been thrown into the sky to BLOCK OUT THE SUN, disrupting the entire food chain and causing mass extin-
 Anyway, that's a possibility or whatever!!
 Exactly!
 But then I thought, well, there's a lot we don't know about the past either. And I wouldn't want to choose a time where it turns out nobody could make poop jokes or they'd go to jail and also nobody thought to write any of this down, so the whole deal is lost to history!
 No, that leaves us with changing the question so we can live in any time period, real OR imagined. I choose the time when everyone's awesome knights!
 ...IN SPACE.
 ...ENCLOSED IN STARSHIPS SO WE DON'T DIE.
 I used to be against people who left their Christmas lights up on their houses all year long. It was lazy, I said!
 Like this:
 That's LAZY!
 But then I realized one of the things I most look forward to about December is going on walks at night and seeing everything lit up. And it would be rad if we did that all the time!
 Sure, but I don't like them because they're SPECIAL. I like them because they're awesome!
 OKAY, some folks are tacky.
 But some are totally rad! You know when the edge of a house is lined with lights, so from a distance it looks like a solid wireframe model?
 ...I like those ones.
 I'm so tired of all my actions having consequences!
 OH MY GOD, is there SERIOUSLY no room on this planet for a dude who loves actions but hates their consequences??
 Gah!  What?  What for?
 Man, screw those guys! If these raccoons and cephalopods want to unsettle me, they should know that "you really don't want to know&quot; line was NEVER scary.  It's not going to work! They need more than a cliche phrase to scare me, Dromiceiomimus!
 Exactly!
 Impossible.
 Look, I know you want to take their side, Utahraptor, but there's no way those guys were - what, baking me a cake and suddenly ran short of flour?  They're planning something.
 It's not gonna happen!
 Huh!  Um, thanks!
 Gah!  What?  What for?
 Man, screw those guys! If these raccoons and cephalopods want to unsettle me, they should know that "you really don't want to know&quot; line was NEVER scary.  It's not going to work! They need more than a cliche phrase to scare me, Dromiceiomimus!
 Exactly!
 Impossible.
 Look, I know you want to take their side, Utahraptor, but there's no way those guys were - what, baking me a cake and suddenly ran short of flour?  They're planning something.
 It's not gonna happen!
 Huh!  Um, thanks!
 Oh frig, you guys!!
 We don't have a duress phrase!
 If I'm being forced to do something against my will, I need some way to covertly communicate that to you, Dromiceiomimus! Right now all I can say is "There is a dude here making me do stuff, and I do NOT count him among my friends&quot;, but they'd probably pick up on that.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, you're huge! Who's going to force you to do anything?
 Um, ENEMIES??
 Maybe!
 But having a phrase ready for such a situation would be SO AWESOME, USEFUL AND BADASS that we should have one anyway. Something unlikely to arouse suspicion, even in someone who knows us!
 [[Speechless]]
 Sweet!
 Ooh! I get to be the T-Rex!
 Rawr! I represent nature and cannot be controlled! Watch as I destroy this house, representing humanity's folly!
 You said it!
 Rawr!
 I've been thinking... If my decisions are based on my desires, and my desires are just the product of phsysiological and environmental factors beyond my control,
 then I have no control over the decisions I make!
 See, if I am just the psychological product of my environment, then each action I take I could not have taken in any other way.  I HAD NO CHOICE!
 like squashing this cat.
  Free will doesn't exist!
  What?
 YES!
 And you're DRUNK!
 Folks say things like "Apples are a delicious gift from Mother Nature&quot;, or talk about how we can use things in the way Mother Nature intended.
 That's WEIRD, you guys!
 We have this "Mother Nature&quot; metaphor that we all share but rarely consider critically, and it has all these connotations that are sublimated into our lives and thinking! It suggests the planet tries to care for us as a mother would, sure, but it also suggests that plants and animals are provided by this mother with the intent of our nourishment, and that nature can carry parental authority!
 I say we adopt some new metaphors, cats and kittens!!
 No, that's the worst name I've ever heard.
 I was thinking more like Brother Entropy or Uncle Everybodydies! You know? "Apples are a delicious gift from Aunt Thestrongwilleattheweak.&quot;
 "Climate change hurts Cousin Theplanetwontnoticeifwealldietomorrow&quot;!
 You know what'd be great?  A restaurant that serves gourmet versions of classic comfort foods, like burgers and fish and chips!
 Aw man, really?
 Oh!  You mean it's been done in alternate timelines or in the distant past, because, as God, you have access to all possibilities ever.
 ...Huh.
 It's okay, though!
 I wasn't saying the idea to be ORIGINAL.  I was saying the idea because it's a restaurant I'd like to patronize, and now that it exists, I intend to patronize it!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: Gourmet burgers, here we come!
 You know what'd be great, Chef?
 Weird, I was thinking a restaurant where you don't have to pay if you're super handsome
 Morris the tiny bug, it's been a while! How are you?
 Stress?!
 Aww, Morris, that's nothing you have to worry about now!
 Morris, I guess sometimes your problems really ARE difficult!
 Plato was a philosopher guy who said perfect dudes don't exist. Rather, all dudes are the imperfect instantiations of the perfect ideal of dudes, the essential dude, intangible essence of dudeness!
 Plato also said things like "I'm hungry guys, frig!&quot; but we're not remembering him for that right now!
 Ours is an imperfect world, and as such there's no perfect dudes in it. All the dudes we have are imperfect instances - copies, if you will- of the ideal dude, who is so great he can't even EXIST.
 Okay, NO, not technically.
 He was actually talking about everything, but that includes dudes! I used dudes because it's an example EVERYONE can get behind.
 Um, computers can??
Utahraptor: Those are pixelated if you look closely, T-Rex! And before you say "robots can&quot;, they still draw on some medium, and that's made of atoms.
 And atoms are NATURE'S pixels! You just proved my case for me! Awesome!
 Okay now, bring it back to dudes!!
 When a man and a woman love each other very much, they share a very special hug!
 It's not always that special though, you guys!
 Sometime in the past, male bedbugs realized that since they have an open circulatory system, if a female doesn't want to have sex with them they can just CRACK OPEN HER BODY and inject their sperm right into her chest, where it will eventually reach her ovaries!  And now all males have these HYPODERMIC STAB WEINERS, and the women are left with fully-functional genital tracts that are only used when it's time to deposit the eggs!
 Yep! In the form of EXTRA GENITALS.
 They've got this paragenitalia - paragenitalia! - on their chests that's this target for the guys, but which also limits their damage and lowers the chance of infection.
 Yeah, when people talk to me about intelligent design, I yell "BED BUGS HAVE INSTITUTIONALIZED STAB RAPES&quot;.
 That - that normally ends the conversation right there
 Today I made peace with the possibility that I might never get wrapped up in a madcap case of mistaken identity.
 I also made peace with the possibility that I might never have kids!
 Then I made peace with the possibility that even if I HAD kids, they could grow up to be superduds. Then, I went on to make peace with the possibility that there might be somewhere out there who doesn't like Batman, and literally NOTHING can change their mind!
 Totally what I just said!!
 Yes?
 Ouch. Utahraptor, I promise I'll say it even if you die with tons of fully realized potential!
 Today I made peace with the possibility that MY cause of death might not be listed as "kung fu&quot;.
 Frig, wait! No I didn't!!

 What day is it? It's December now, isn't it?
 It's DEFINITELY time for me to fix the great works of fiction!
 The great out-of-copyright works of fiction, anyway. My brilliant idea is to completely recontextualize them through the magic of framing stories! So for example, instead of Moby Dick being about this guy after a whale, it's this CRAZY SCIENTIST writing whaler fan fiction, and at the end, the scientist stops and says "Sheesh, I didn't mean to write so much whaler fan fiction.&quot;
 Exactly!
 And Pride and Prejudice is still this fancy romance story, but now it's framed by this dude being asked to describe the ultimate video game, and at the end the dude says "Anyway after that it becomes a turned-based strategy game with a focus on resource management&quot;.
 Hamlet ends as it normally does, but then the framing play starts up again and it's Hamlet's dad looking into a crystal ball, and he says "Forsooth, now let's see what would happen if I won the lottery!!&quot;
 It's SO GOOD, Utahraptor!
 Hey. Hey! You have something stuck between your teeth!
 And the sender of THIS card clearly thought the best way to tell you was to go home, boot up their computer, and email you a web card.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, we're in the future! People have PHONES that can send emails now.
 Hah! EVEN WHEN THE EMAILS CONTAIN WEB CARDS??
 R...really?
 Okay, wow! That's cool. I didn't know phones could do that!
 Anyway! It's like - broccoli or something between your teeth? Maybe pesto? Anyway, it's all over the place.
 It's -
 It's like your gums were replaced with green peanut butter
 Today's letter from Professor Science comes from Alexis, who writes:
 "Dear Professor, how much would it cost to buy the WHOLE DANG PLANET??&quot;
 Wow! I guess we need to know how much our planet is worth, then. I'm guessing... a kabazillion dollars?
 That works, right? Because money itself isn't worth anything, but we all PRETEND it's worth the value of the goods it's traded for, right?
 TRUE.
 I always knew this day would come, Utahraptor. I - I just never thought it'd be soon.
 Alright! Life itself is, what - like twenty bucks?
 Professor Science, we can SCIENTIFICALLY PROVE that people are wrong for getting mad at me for saying life is worth like twenty bucks? It grows in crusty milk, it is like the most free thing ever!! ... PROFESSOR ARE YOU EVEN HOME
 You know what? We totally can put an exact price on life, down to the nearest cent.
 In fact, we do it all the time!
 Every time we land somewhere on the gradient between safety and expense, we do it. If a new ambulance costs $100,000 but would likely save at least 100 lives while it was in use, and we decide NOT to buy it, then we're saying those particular lives aren't worth $1000. Ouch! Sorry, ambulance dudes!
 Sure! It's not a perfect measurement.
 All I'm saying is we ESTIMATE it all the time. Heck, you do it whenever you're paid hourly and you speed into work! Divide the extra money you get by being there sooner by the increase chance of death the added speed brings you, and you've just VALUED YOUR OWN LIFE.
 On the flip side, whenever housecleaners clean a bathroom, they're PAID to kill the bacteria there! So those tiny lives are worth negative dollars. And there's SO MANY bacteria, Utahraptor!
 There are like a decazillion of them I am ALMOST certain
  Maslow says I can only maximize my full potential and achieve the highest state of being in one way: realization of self.
 I'm continuing to stomp things until someone yells, "look out! A MONSTER!&quot;
 To which I will reply, "Look at yourselves! Who is the REAL monster, my friends?&quot;
 "Look at yo--
 OH, WOW....
 So, um, I spent a few days putting a price on LIFE ITSELF, and now I've got a dollar figure for my own life!
 Kinda depressing, you guys!
 THAT JUST MAKES IT MORE DEPRESSING! I don't want to be commodified, Dromiceiomimus. When people said "You can't put a price on life&quot;, they didn't mean it was an impossibility - they meant it in the permissive sense! They were trying to give me GOOD ADVICE.
 Huh?
 {{in italics}} ...Weird.
 The greatest proof that time travel isn't possible is that we're not being visited by tourists from the future. I call this Sexy T-Rex's Argument Against Time Travel!
 ...fine! FINE.
 Stephen Hawking is a smart guy; it makes sense he'd get there first. However, did he ever say maybe time tourists are ALREADY walking among us, but they've disguised themselves so well that we've never noticed?
 ...
 ...He WOULD.
 Sure, but that's fine!
 I'm PERFECTLY CONTENT if nobody ever talks about T-Rex's Argument Against Time Travel. It's the idea that's important, not who gets credit for it!
 Thank you! I am an extremely mature gentleman, and I'm flattered you noticed.
 It's as forceful as I could get; I love those guys!!
 A bunch of us want to find meaning and purpose in our lives and the Universe. Unfortunately, the Universe itself is indifferent, uncaring and meaningless!
 So! Since the Universe is TOTALLY MEANINGLESS, looking for any sort of meaning in life is absurd, and we're all sorta stuck. But lucky for us, the absurdist philosophers came up with three ways to resolve this! The - the first resolution is suicide.
 I've said it before, but I'll say it again: the absurdists were not the cheeriest potatoes in the bag.
 Right!
 Religion can give hope of a kind and caring world beyond our absurd one. But since they see reason as the greatest tool we've got and religion relies on faith, it's rejected by the absurdists as a (just as deadly!) PHILOSOPHICAL suicide.
 What's left? Only to accept the absurd and try to find any meaning we can in our own personal journey from life to death!
 Anyway, this is how come I'm so into vegetables that look like celebs.
 Okay, so, turns out I might be dead someday.
 We all might be dead SOMEDAY!
 And it would be great for future generations to not have to make the same mistakes I did. So pay attention, future generations! HERE'S WHAT I'VE LEARNT: if you know a bit about a bunch of things you'll feel confident in more situations, it's nice to be nice, people sometimes get pissed if you beat them in video games but WHATEVER, and getting old isn't too bad but I haven't gotten THAT old yet so I don't know for sure.
 Utahraptor!!
 I thought you were taking notes! Where's your notepad?!
 UM, I CAN'T BECAUSE I'M BUSY POURING MY LIFE KNOWLEDGE INTO THE EMPTY VESSELS OF FUTURE GENERATIONS?? Come on, we need to get ON THI-
 If honeybabe made a mistake, I might say "Honeybabe, you made a mistake!&quot;
 Or maybe I'd say "Honeybabe, you blew it!&quot;
 Maybe I'd suggest our honeybabe in question blundered.  Did she just slip up, or did she totally botch it?  Maybe it was just an error?  A miscalculation?  An oversight?  A FAILURE?  The words we choose indicate how severe a mistake it was, but ALSO suggest various degrees of culpability, and most of us are pretty finely tuned to their nuances of meaning - even honeybabes!
 It's got real applications!
 We're getting closer to computers that can choose their own words, and this shows how sensitive these choices can be!
 Yep!  And I'm glad you said "mot juste&quot; and didn't just write it down as text, as I'd have read it as &quot;mott just-ee&quot;. 
 Indeed, no-one can be expected to keep up with that sort of tromperie
 Some are dead, most are still around!  Some are happy, others are not so happy, but I'm sure they hope to be happy soon.
 Best of luck, unhappy 80s celebrities!!
 Nobody tell them HTML doesn't work like that, okay??
 Niiiice.
 "Also, every bit of current day poop came from there too; pretty gross.&quot;
 All passed away, leaving behind only things others thought were worth preserving, if any, and memories of themselves in the minds of their equally mortal friends.
 This is depressing, let's talk about poo atoms again!
 Aw dang!!
 Frig Dromiceiomimus, I locked myself out! My keys AND everything else I own is trapped in a housethat, thanks to my thoughlessness, I no longer have access to!!
 HOW CAN I PROVE I'M ME? All my ID is inside the house!
 Ridicilous!
 That is a huge loophole that ANY NUMBER of evil twins could exploit!
 AHHHHHH-
 HHHHHHHHPARENTLY YOU HAVE BEEN SUBSTITUTED FOR HIM
 IS HOW I WOULD SUMMARIZE YOUR SENTENCE
 You guys! I just wrote the best will. It's the best will!
 It DOES!
 And that's just where it starts. After my would-be heirs spend the night in the haunted house, which is clearly specified in my will to be ACTUALLY HAUNTED,  they have to successfully navigate a series of dares and challenges - punching bears, eating chairs, that sort of thing - all designed to bring them together and underline a valuable life lesson: "MONEY ISN'T EVERYTHING&quot;. Then they get the money.
Utahraptor: They'll just contest the will,T-Rex! 
 What's that?
 The HELL? This is my last chance to make people to do things for money, and you're saying they're not legally bound to do it?
 Man!
 Dying DOES suck!
 Cats and kittens, chicks and dudes!!  I was wrong!
 You CAN force your heirs to punch a bear in your will!
 If I make a CONDITIONAL bequest while of sound mind and body and possessing FULL TESTAMENTARY CAPACITY, a probate court is entirely likely to honour those clauses!
 Yeah, like "You must punch out a bear within three weeks of my death, or the diamonds go to some charity instead!&quot;
 Only, I don't actually write "some charity&quot;.
 Exactly!
 Utahraptor, I'm SO EXCITED.  I kinda want to become super rich now, because the more money I have the more AWESOME CLAUSES I can put into my will!  "Sure, you can have some money now that I'm dead... IF YOU KISS FIFTY DUDES IN THE NEXT THREE MINUTES, GO GO GO!!!&quot;
 Man!  I take it back, dying is AWESOME.
 Um, parts of it, I mean!
 The parts where the dead bribe the living seem pretty rad is all I'm saying
 Surveys are kinda baloney, you guys! They're kinda phoney baloney to the ultimate max.
 And I'm not one to say things like that often!!
 Say there's a survey about applesauce: like most dudes, I don't really have APPLESAUCE OPINIONS, so I'm probably not going to answer a whole survey about it! But if I were big into applesauce (or big AGAINST applesauce) I'd be way more into answering the survey. The result is that surveys overrepresent extreme viewpoints, because the only people completing surveys are those INTERESTED in doing so.
 Precisely, my friend!
 Surveys get people with opinions, and the bored, and the lonely. But not the apathetic and the jerkasses! You know what jerkasses do when some stranger calls up and asks them questions?
 Utahraptor
 {{in italics}} sometimes they curse first
 Yep!
 That's why they're jerkasses!
 I have noticed that eating different foods has different physiological effects on myself. There must be some 'balanced diet' that maximizes the agreeable effects of such nourishment!
 With this in mind, I have created... the Nutrinomicon!
 The Nutrinomicon divides foods into four different 'groups.' These 'groups' have prescribed allowances per day.
 By following the nutritional regime of the Nutrinomicon, you can be assured of a fine diet!
 What?
 But - I stayed up all night working on the celebrated and unmentionable Nutrinomicon.
 I even skipped dinner, which is ironic, because I was working on a guide to nutrition!
 Time for me to invent a new emotion! THIS is the feeling you get when you've said the wrong thing to someone by accident, and it's awkward and you've both noticed it, but it's days later now and you're still thinking about it!
 And there's nothing you can do without making things MORE awkward!
 I propose we call this emotion: HUGGA BUBBA LOVE
 woo
 What?! How so?
 It's not ROMANTIC love, Utahraptor, it's hugga bubba love, which I just defined as lingering awkwardness that has nothing to do with love at all!
 And before you say "adjective phrases can't fully replace noun semantics&quot;, let me warn you: THIS ONE CAN.
Someone: T-Rex! STOP UNDERMINING ENGLISH
 HUGGA BUBBA NEVER
 Okay, so maybe "hugga bubba&quot; ISN'T the best adjective.
 Maybe it is though!!
 But just in case it isn't, I've invented a new way for it to be used! JUST LIKE THAT, BABY. Now "hugga bubba&quot; is ALSO the new &quot;um&quot;, the new &quot;ah&quot;, and the new &quot;er&quot;. Instead of saying &quot;Um, I have no idea&quot;, we can say &quot;Hugga bubba, I have no idea!&quot;
 Exactly!
 Oh man, I can't wait to hear how awesome EVERY CONVERSATION EVER will be now!
 Man, it SELLS ITSELF! I, hugga bubba, don't understand why you're fighting this.
 OH MY GOSH that's the best name EVER. Well, looks my afternoon just got filled up!
 Assuming they've removed the 5-day waiting period on me changing my name, that is!!
 A false document is when you refer to or quote books and stuff that don't exist in  real life, but your whole story pretends like they actually do.  Like when Shakespeare reads the dictionary!
Dromiceiomimus: That's not a false document, T-Rex! Shakespeare was a real guy, and dictionaries actually exist.  It's more like if, I don't know, the Necronomicon was read by a Shakespeare CHARACTER.
 Hah!  Shakespeare's already QUITE the character, believe you me!!
 ...He's sullen to me sometimes
 Oh man, really?
 So I was TOTALLY partially right!  That's EXCELLENT.
 Shakespeare, if you spell "assume&quot; differently, you'll stop future generations from making that stupid &quot;ass out of u and me&quot; joke!
 It's possible that one day, an advanced civilization (and not necessarily our own!) might be able to reasonably simulate an entire universe, or at least fake it for simulated people living inside.
 And these simulated dudes wouldn't even know they're in a simulation!
 And if a civilization can do this once, it's likely that they'd EVENTUALLY do it more than once. They could even reach a point where simulations are mass produced: billions of disposable toy realities used for experiments, research, or given to children during Future Christmas!
 Sure!
 But if we assume that SOMEONE can reach this level, then what's more likely: that WE'RE the ones who develop this technology without actually being in a simulation ourselves, or that we're all stuck in one of the TRILLIONS of simulations being run AS WE SPEAK??
 In the Garden of Eden story, Adam and Eve eat an apple from the tree of knowledge and then they're kicked out of paradise and THE AMAZING ADVENTURE OF NOT LIVING IN A GARDEN BEGINS.
 Not in my version, peeps!
 In MY version, this isn't an allegory or anything. Instead, it's an ALTERNATE HISTORY where Adam and Eve decide not to eat the apple! The entire book of Genesis grinds to a halt at the point where Eve says "Dudes, turns out I'm NOT hungry!&quot;
 THEN they cordon off the tree of knowledge to prevent any future mistakes, finally burying it in cement Chernobyl-style!
 They invented it!
 They've got nothing else to do there all day, so they invented cement.
 YES. It is an amazing tale!
 I call it "What If Early Abrahamic Religions Had Not Been Concerned With The Origin of Sin, But Instead Contained A Viable Recipe For Cement&quot;.
 WHAT IF, Utahraptor??
 If I can't be a bog person, I can be the next best thing!
 Better!
 A person frozen solid at the north pole!
 Or the south pole, I'm not picky. But I want to be perfectly preserved in some cavern somewhere, so that when future generations stumble upon me, they'll say "Oh, gross. There's a dead guy in here.&quot;
 "...It looks like he died being awesome though!&quot;
 Exactly!
 Maybe I'll be wearing a Superman outfit, and in my pocket will be a note that says "I actually WAS Superman, comics were documentaries about me, make sure to tell everyone okay??&quot; 
 "Yeah, I just found that out.&quot;
 People who pay for cryonic freezing are super chumps! All you need to do is go to Antarctica, guys.
 You can die there for FREE.
 The earth's orbiting around the sun, but our sun is orbiting around the center of the friggin' galaxy!
 At a speed of over eight hundred thousand kilometers an hour, no less!
 But the galaxy is so big that each orbit takes 250 million years. So every second that passes, we're orbiting to a new part of space hundreds of kilometers away, where NO OTHER LIVING THING ON THE PLANET has ever been!
 ...TRUE.
 Yes!
 So, at best, WE'VE only done a little over half an orbit - so we are exploring the universes! We're going where no dinosaur has gone before!
 Because Utahraptor, it means that today is the first time in history, in ALL OF EXISTENCE, that a dinosaur - me! - did anything from the exact location in the universe that we're at right now!
 MEDALS FOR EVERYONE
 Oh boy!
 I believe I'll offer some advice on employing everyday filmic techniques!
 To begin: when filming, you always want to say on one side of the action.  This is because if you suddenly start filming from the OPPOSITE side of the action, it will appear to be reversed! 
 Observe:
 Notice how I appear to be stomping in the opposite direction!
 No, please be my guest!
T-Rex's Mom: I told you, son: no stomping!
 You're not the boss of me!
 When you spend your time talking to a T-Rex...
 Everyone's a winner!
 Hello, Dromiceiomimus. Would you care to have a little chat, perhaps?
 Oh, OK.
 Well, that neither proves nor disproves my theory!
 Today I've been operating under the assumption that when you talk to a T-Rex (such as myself, you understand) - everyone's a winner!
 Like, everybody is better for the experience? Geez, man! It's not that complicated a sentiment!
 What's the deal with people who quote other people all the time?
 Anyway, I'd better get on with my day!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, your house is on fire!
 I know! I'm trying to collect on the insurance money!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you don't have any fire insurance!
 Oh no!
 What the hell was he talking about? I've got the insurance papers right here!
 "Joy&quot;?!
 Who uses the word "joy&quot; anymore?  &quot;Happy&quot;, sure - but outside of a religious context, is anything described as &quot;joyous&quot; anymore?  Besides weddings, I guess.  And childbirths.
Utahraptor: Maybe you're too old and cynical and embittered to believe in things like joy, T-Rex!
 I have so experienced joy!  I have so!  
 It was awesome!
 Dromiceiomimus, come quick! I think I might be...
 ...A GENIUS!
Dromiceiomimus: Um, why do you think you're a genius, T-Rex?
 A few reasons! The main one is I heard that genius is the ability to come up with concepts that would otherwise have to be taught, and I'VE TOTALLY DONE THAT. Remember? Remember Punchette, The Power Punch Bear?
 Yeah you do! The bear with the punch...that punched other punches!
 I respectfully disagree!
 Anyone intelligent could have come up with a "power punch&quot;, sure, but imagining a bear that can punch other punches? That requires what can only be called...&quot;super genius&quot;.
 ...
 What just happened
 I wonder what life would be like if I were a woman!
 I wonder!
 Hello Dromiceiomimus! Do you want to go shopping for women's underwear? We are after all both women!
 Nor do I!
 Why no - besides going out with a strapping young man such as yourself!
 It's a date!
 I'm glad I keep these little fantasies to myself!
 What if people can't tell when I'm being sarcastic?
 This is a serious question! What if in the past, when I assume somebody has picked up on what I took to be obvious sarcasm, they took me at face value? Oh my God! The misunderstandings would be legion! This is a huge concern!
 I may have unintentionally lied or alienated every one of my friends!
 Utahraptor! Can you tell when I'm being sarcastic?
 Ok- just give me a second to think of something! 
 *ahem*
 Oh no! I'm so worried! What if people can't tell when I'm being sarcastic?
 I just found out that a hurricane is expected to hit this area!
 More specifically, the area including my house!
 A category one!  We hardly ever get actual hurricanes here!
 I am the EXCITED one.
 In fact - more like category fun!  This is going to be awesome!
 Why?  I'll be able to don a raincoat and hat, go outside in the storm and pretend to give pseudo-meteorological reports!
 "Back to you, Utahraptor!&quot;
 My house!
 Today is a good day I think for taking control of my life! No longer will I allow myself to be pushed around (by random chance or otherwise)!
 My old push-over self is extinct - now I'm a self-motivated dynamo!
 Stupid log cabin in my way! Prepare to be returned to the ground! Entropy is always increasing!
 You shut up! Don't try to push me around!
 You too are in my way, little woman!
 What did you say?
 Maybe you should stop being a jerk also!
 Maybe THAT!
 Computational linguistics is the study of computer-based language processing!
 A major area of computational linguistics is that of "ambiguity resolution&quot;. It turns out that many things people say in a language - English, for example - can have more than one meaning!
 Consider the phrase "fruit flies like a banana&quot;. Is it describing the taste of fruit flies, or rather flying fruit? How can a computer hope to figure this out?
 Many have focused on statistical modelling of language, but this approach is approximate.
 What do YOU know about computational linguistics?
 Shit man, you know more about this than I do!
 You know what? You should be the one doing the talking here!
 I received an invitation via the post last night!  A very exclusive invitation...
 ...to a wedding!
 A friend of mine!  She's getting married to a woman she met four years ago!
 Sure!
 I know!  We'll get to see them KISS!
 Whatever, man!  I bet I won't be the only one taking a picture!
 Being at my first wedding is exciting, but also makes me nervous!
 Dromiceiomimus! What are YOU doing here?
 Yeah, small world!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! The wedding is about to start!
 Oh man! How do I look?
 Supoib!
 Wait up!
 Well, the wedding went off without a hitch!
 Ha ha, not counting the slang meaning of 'hitch' of course!
 What did you think of the wedding, Dromiceiomimus?
 I'm on my way there now!
 I will congratulate them on finding happiness!
Utahraptor: The brides are gone, T-Rex! Remember when they ran down the church stairs while we showered confetti on them? They've left for their honeymoon!
 Oh yeah! But there's still cake for us, right?
 I love lesbian weddings!
 This marriage has gotten me thinking about monogamy.
 I did some research!
 I found a book called "The Ethical Slut&quot;!
 Basically it gives advice for having loving polygamous relationships. A lot of it makes sense! Like say your girlfriend has a best friend, and they go out one night. You're happy for her, right? You love her, you want her to be happy. So why should that change when you add sex to it? The book also posits that an artificial 'economy of scarcity' in sex leads to jealousy and possessiveness.
 Yeah!
 That's what the book says, anyway. It's not anti-monogamy, but it is pro-polygamy. 
 Artificial economy of scarcity, my friend! Like diamonds!
 Who knows!
 Man, did you see what that Triceratops was wearing at the film last night?
 You said it!
 No, what was he wearing?
 W-
 What's wrong with that?
 That's the coolest!
 I once read how to make bombs!
 That's it? The whole Internet and you look up salads?
 Is it meat salad?
 Because if not then I doubt it would be a very good salad!
 Today is Thanksgiving Day!
 I'm excited! I always look forward to all the food you get to eat during Thanksgiving!
 My favourite is mashed potatoes! I've left extra room in my stomach for mashed potatoes!
Dromiceiomimus: But, T-Rex, Thanksgiving was-
 Sorry to interrupt, but I must be on my way! I'm having dinner with the Utahraptor!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, where the hell were you?
 Huh? What do you mean?
 But - that dinner's tonight!
 Aww boo!
 This time, I've disappointed even myself!
 I stayed at home last night and watched a movie!
 But as not to appear nerdy, I told everyone that I went out "clubbing&quot;!
Dromiceiomimus: How was the club, T-Rex?
 It was great! I had a great time dancing with, uh, three different women!
 Yeah, at once! It was awesome! I have pictures!
 Sure! I'll make enlargements for everyone!
 And David Suzuki was there too! I boogied with him!
Utahraptor: Wow T-Rex, I can't wait to see those incredible pictures!
 And so you shall!
 Man... after what happened yesterday, I guess there is a certain tension between myself and the Utahraptor. Well, I'm going to make sure that tension ends...
 ... right now!
 Hey, do you know how I could stop the Utahraptor from not being friends with me?
 Forget it! Stomping is who I am!
&lt;&lt;S T O M P&gt;&gt; [[T-Rex stomps the house]]
 I will have to find another way to win his friendship!
 HEY!
 That's not what your Mom said!
 Last night!
 When we had SEX!
 Today I am hungry! Perhaps I could satisfy this hunger by eating...
 ...everyone?
 Dromiceiomimus, you look delicious today! I would love to have you for dinner tonight!
 I am going to eat everyone!
 Says you!
 Because i will have eaten them!
 Perhaps I will not eat my friends after all!
 Perhaps!
 I've come up with some patently absurd ideas that I will pontificate upon, only to annoy the Utahraptor!
 I just bet I do this because I'm bored!
 I'm probably jealous of him too!
 Probably!
 Not that I'd ever tell him that, of course.  I'm too self-absorbed!
 Life is great!
 Now I think I'll go stomp on a woman just because she's there!
Utahraptor: T-Rex!  Don't stomp on her!  God damn it, I'm so sick of telling you not to stomp on things!
 You mean stomping on things..
 ... like this?
 Where the hell is he?!
 Today is a good day I think for increasing the integral count of my age!
 Thank you!
 Nope, only little babies!
 I don't know, but you'd better hope he likes it!
T-Rex " Utahraptor: Hah hah hah!
 Best birthday ever!
 Ahh, another relaxing day for me, T-Rex, the king of the dinosaurs and the dinosaur of kings.
 And yet, my mighty heart is troubled.
 What is left for me to do? I am king of all that I survey! I am the dominant creature on the planet!
 Truly, I am the greatest thing ever!
 I was just saying how great I am.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you left the burner on at your house last night and it burnt down.
 Well, that's another house gone. I seem to be going through houses like other people go through -
 um
 - some manner of disposable goods!
 I don't believe in karma!
 So: "Probably not!&quot;
 So?
 That doesn't imply that there's some cosmic judge keeping score of my actions. You're making a logical fallacy, namely "after which, therefore becasue of&quot;.
 Yes it is.
 Yep!
 I tell you man, I was all over the logic books in high school!
 I'm opening up my own detective agency!
 I'm going to solve MYSTERIES!
 Hello, Dromiceiomimus.  Do you have any mysteries you'd like solved?
Dromiceiomimus: Well, not right now, but tell you what,  if any come up, you'll be the first person I'll call!
 Excellent!
 Oh boy!
 You should know, I don't take sarcastic cases!
 Only real mysteries, please!
 I heard it was somebody's birthday today...
 My grandfather's!
 Wow, that's exciting!  I wonder who'll be at the party tonight?
 Will there be cake?
 I'll show off my balloon-animal-making skills!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you missed his birthday!  It was days ago!
 What?
 Shoot! I'll just have my own party for him then!
 Wow... Grandfather sure knows how to throw a party!
 Who wants some cake?
 Hallowe'en is coming up!
 Which means, of course, that I had better get started working on my costume!
 2 years ago I went as a ninja!  That was awesome, because I got to hit people with my ninja stick!
 Last year I was a bear!
 That was not so awesome.
 Oh yeah?  What are you dressing up as?
 Good luck representing that in a way that guys don't find inherently confusing!
 I need to have the best costume ever this Hallowe'en!
 But I don't want to do something that's been done before!
 Lame.
 Lame!
 I know! I'll go as a robot!
 What's cooler than a robotic T-Rex?
 THE. EVALUATION. OF. THAT. STATEMENT. RESULTS. IN. A. NULL. OUTPUT. SET
 INPUT DISREGARDED: INFERIOR ROBOTIC MODEL
 NEW. PROGRAM. ENGAGED: 10 IGNORE WHAT UTAHRAPTOR SAYS 20 UTAHRAPTOR IS LAME 30 GOTO 10
 It's too late! Line 10 was already interpreted!
 Maybe I'll dress up for Hallowe'en as a Utahraptor!
 That's a great idea!
 Then I'll be able to walk up to his friends and insult them! They'll think it's he who is the one who is insulting them! I could wear this costume ALL THE TIME.
 Then it's decided! I will be a Utahraptor for Hallowe'en.
 I'll show you!
Utahraptor: Oh yeah? Well if you're going as a Utahraptor, then I'm going as a T-Rex!
Narrator: (actually the Utahraptor) [[arrow pointing at Utahraptor disguised as T-Rex]]
Utahraptor (as T-Rex): Trick or treat, or I'll stop on your house!
Utahraptor (as T-Rex): Thank you ma'am! I stayed up all night working on it! The vestigial arms are made of paper mache!
 Man, I totally blew it yesterday with the Utahraptor.  Why did I make a joke about his mom?
 Why oh why did I make a joke about his mom?
 Hey, I need some more advice.  How can I apologise to the Utahraptor for saying that I had sex with his mom last night?
 Yeah... I kinda shouted it after him.
 Three times.
 now's my chance!
 Uh - well, what I want to say is that I'm sorry I said I had sex with your Mom last night.  I actually didn't have sex with anyone last night.
 Or ever, for that matter.
 I can't help it if I can't remember it!
 oh, give me a BREAK!
 I just realized that if I transformed what people say to me  into something I want to hear, I will only hear things that appeal to me!
 Genius!
 I should have thought of this years ago!
 Hello, Dromiceiomimus!
Dromiceiomimus: Hello, T-Rex!
 Why yes, I am super-sexy today!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, stop it!  You can't just go around putting words in people's mouths!
 Says you!
 That will be my epitaph, then!
 "Here lies T-Rex, who undermined the very foundation of language&quot;!
 Awesome!
 I have been thinking about what the Utahraptor said yesterday, and by extension the ambiguity allowable in language!
 Take the Bible, for instance!
 There's a text passed down for hundreds of generations, translated, re-written, re-edited.
 Even if you don't assume that it's the word of God, the difference in meaning between what was written THEN and what you read NOW must be staggering!
 It's often said that the only way to be immortal is through your words and ideas!
 But the Bible shows us that language is mutable!  So what's the solution?  How can I ensure that the ideas I have in my head when I communicate are the same as those you get in yours when you hear me?
 But how would we write puns in such a language?
 Eh?
 Or delightfully sexy double entendres?
 Everything I have is mine, and mine alone!
 If other people want to use what's mine, they will have to get their own.
 There's only enough for me!
 Sorry!
 What?!
 I should have been more willing to share!
 Meeting new people can be fun!
 It can be tiring if you are meeting a lot of new people at once, however. Here are some tips on how to meet lots of people at once:
 "#8226; Wear something that will identify you and make you easy-to-remember! I recommend a &quot;crazy&quot; scarf or a large disfiguring scar.
 Listen attentively to people's names when you meet them! If their name is the same as yours, laugh!
 Like when I lost someone's baby!
 So...
 Polygamy!
 I've discovered that the problem with researching this sort of thing (polygamy) (the subject of which I am speaking) is that everybody has an agenda!
 It's like vegetarianism: all you hear is from the militant extremes ("Meat is Murder!&quot; &quot;Vegetarians are Sissies&quot;) and it's hard to find a balanced viewpoint!
 Polygamous READING? What's next?
 Eh?
 "What's next?&quot;
 I've discovered something exciting
  Writing free-form poetry is easy, if you just write whatever pops into your head!
 Observe!
 radiantbox
 f
 The end!
 It was awesome!
 Okay! It was just a poem! I'm not married to it!
 Tonight is a good night I think for having Chick Peas in Coconut Milk for dinner!
I believe I will combine in a saucepan 2 cups of canned chickpeas, drained; 1 tomato, chopped; 4 whole cloves; 2-3 cloves of garlic, minced; and 1 1/2 cups coconut milk!
 Indeed I am! The turmeric gives the dish its distinctive yellow colour.
 How did you know?
 It does, indeed, old friend!
Utahraptor: Any final comments, T-Rex?
Only that if you want the food to be less watery, let it simmer longer - for up to 30 minutes!
 I think it's time for me to get out and meet some fine new ladies!
 Fine new SEXY ladies!
 Any fine new sexy ladies, please identify yourselves to me!
 I will be pleased to seduce you after introductions have been made!
 I am the strapping young T-Rex stomping on things!
 Says you! If a woman was walking around shouting for fine new sexy dudes, she'd be chased by men from all over!
 I don't get it! Why isn't this working?!
 (Is it me?)
 Well, I'm perfectly content!
 I may be a bit idle, a bit unfocused, but at least I haven't had a night where all sense left my life! That's for darn sure! Incidentally, criminals are a superstitious, cowardly lot!
 Oh boy!
 Can you get mom to wear her pearl necklace?
 My parents!
 I am the last son of the doomed planet of Krypton!
 Found, adopted and raised by the kindly Kent couple, who could not have a child of their own, I was taught about Truth, Justice and the American Way!  
 As I grew, I found that I could run faster than a speeding bullet!  I was more powerful than a locomotive!  I was able to leap tall buildings in a single bound (as so)!  
 In times of trouble, I am there, as SUPERMAN!  
 No, I'm Superman!  Clark Kent and I are two different people!  
 Ha ha ha!
 Anyway, I'll tell him you said "hi&quot;!
 With that Utahraptor out of the way I feel better! A rare pleasure indeed, to have your problems put behind you and the future full of promise! 
 Imagine if that Utahraptor slipped in the shower?
 He'd certainly wish he'd stomped the soap out of the way (much as I now stomp this little house) as he passed on!
 Perhaps in his last moments, the irony of the situation - from my perspective - would become evident.
 Yes, I will freely enjoy stomping more now that he is gone!
 You?
 I must guard against such self-absorption in the future!
 I GUESS THERE IS A LESSON HERE FOR US ALL!
 After all the crazy adventures in sexy exciting locales we've had over the past two weeks, it seems that the Utahraptor and I are friends again!
 It's been a memorable two weeks indeed!
 Do you recall a few days ago, when we had that hilarious conversation?
 It was good times!
 So many memories of the past two weeks...
 How are you?
 Oh?
 [thinking] Genius!
 "Green Lantern&quot;?!
 I'll be honest, I haven't read any Green Lantern comics. He's got that power ring, right? And he can make giant green fists with it? And robot suits? Can he make robot suits sometimes?
 Anyway, um - one day Green Lantern found a power ring!
 Yeah! Yeah, that's right! It doesn't work on yellow.
 No argument here.
 One day Green Lantern found a power ring and used it to fight crime that wasn't yellow!
 Many people assume the origin of this phrase has to do with testicles!
 In fact, it's quite the opposite. The phrase originated with pilots of fighter planes!
 The "balls&quot; in question referred to the knobs on top of the plane's throttle control. When the throttle was at full, the &quot;balls&quot; would be &quot;to the wall&quot; of the cockpit!
 And that's the origin of the phrase "balls to the wall&quot;.
 What?
 Hence, "balls to the wall&quot;! Man!
 That's sweet!
 Your sense of disenchantment comes from a realization that the world is not as you believed!
 People lie and get away with it. Murders go unsolved! There are people who only interact with you because they think it might be profitable for them.
 You were raised on fairy tales, where there were no moral grey areas, where good and bad were clear, where there was never any real doubt over which side would win in the end!
 Each lurid death reported in the paper akes you a little more cynical: a little more dead inside.
 Holy!
 Why don't you tell me what you really think?
 I had the strangest dream last night...
 It was crazy!
 Or at least, I think it was crazy.  I don't remember much of the dream:  all I remember is waking up and thinking, "Wow, what a crazy dream!&quot;
 I wonder what could have happened?
 Oh well!
 What?  It's all I remember!
 Well, what are YOU doing here, if we have nothing to talk about?
 Yeah, that's what I thought!
 "Garden path&quot; sentences are those that trick you into thinking that they will mean one thing, but then as you read more of the sentence, that meaning is shown to be false!
 For instance: "The horse raced past the barn fell&quot;!
 Aha, my friend, so it would seem! But it actually refers to a horse, which at some point in the past was raced past a barn, and now that same horse has fallen over!
 What are you saying?
 Well, they could, but they could ALSO say my sentence!
 Sure man, all the time!
 Farmer's call them nature's dominoes!
 Many philosophical systems seem predicated on increasing your happiness, either of yourself, or more globally!
 I wonder, is happiness such a valid goal?
 Furthermore, if I had a machine that I could press a button on, and it would make me happy - perfectly content, indistinguishable from the real emotion - would I do anything but press the button all day long?
 It's hard to say!
 um
 Yeah, I guess you could see it that way.
[[T-Rex thinking]]
 Hmm!
 Seeing as i missed Thanksgiving last month, I am celebrating a new holiday today, one which I just invented! I call it, "American Thanksgiving&quot;!
 Dromiceiomimus, would you like to come over tonight for a big "American Thanksgiving&quot; dinner?
 Excellent!
Utahraptor: What's the deal with this "American Thanksgiving&quot; holiday you invented, T-Rex?
 Well!
 It's a time for us to reflect on all the great things we have, such as food and shelter! You spend an evening with friends and family. Want to come over for American Thanksgiving?
 American Thanksgiving is similar, but distinct, from regular Thanksgiving.
Utahraptor: Well look at it this way, T-Rex! What's more important in a song: the words or the music?
 Um - well, they're both important.  It's not a song without music, but for most songs, the words are important too.
 hmm...
 Oh yeah!
 Suddenly I feel as if my future is full of new choices, new directions!
 My choices are mine to decide!
 But yet, I feel troubled. If I make some change in my life, what of those I leave behind?
 I am happy here, but I know I won't be happy if I stay here forever. Leaving becomes a bitter-sweet necessity.
 If only there were some way that I could come back to now... some way I could save this world to peek in once in a while.
 I was just thinking how, if I were to leave, that would change many things.
 Yeah, I guess so.
Utahraptor: I'd be careful with that, T-Rex... nostalgia can be a powerful drug!
 I'm high right now!
 I wonder, what's the best thing that could happen to me today?
 Maybe I could win the lottery!
 Or maybe when I stomp on this house, it will crack open to reveal treasure! Gold doubloons!
 PIRATE'S doubloons!
 Not true!
 My fantasies also involved pirates.
 Debateable!
 Awesome! I get to be Marty!
 "This is heavy&quot;!
 First things's first! We have to travel back in time to 1955!
 That was easy!
 Ok, I've got to make sure my parents meet, otherwise I'll be erased... from existence!
 Oh no! Am I to be trapped in the 50s forever?
 My only hope is to get them to kiss at the "Enchantment Under the Sea&quot; dance!
 I will, assuming lightning strikes the clock tower at exactly 10:04 p.m.!
 I made it back to good old 1985. But now Doc is back - back FROM the future! And he's talking about my kids!
 Something's got to be done about my kids!
 Forget it! I'm sick of everybody acting like they know what's best for me!
 From no on, I'm doing what I feel like, when I feel like doing it!
 And today, I feel like stomping on a house full of people I don't know, and then I think I feel like finding a loose woman and running off to some tropical country without an extradition treaty, where I will set up a home where we can live comfortably, and there I'll have sex with this woman!
 What are you talking about?
 I never -
 I never knew my father!
 I have thought of the perfect prank to play on the Utahraptor! I will confide in him personal stories about my youth...
 ... stories that, it turns out, are false!
 That way, years down the road if he ever chances to mention one of these stories, I will be able to say, "Got you!&quot;
 He'll say, "What?&quot;, obviously confused since my prank was years in the making.  But once i explain that I was in fact LYING to him when he though he had my trust, he will laugh heartily and concede that I did indeed &quot;get him&quot;!
Utahraptor: Hi, T-Rex!  Do you have any personal stories of your youth you'd like to confide in me?
 I do!
 um
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Were you going to tell me fake stories?
 Hoisted by my own petard!
 Brrr... it's getting cold out!
 This means that winter is coming!
 Luckily, as a warm-blooded being, this cold weather means little to me!
 Oh?
 Who'd say that?
 Who?
 I'll kick his ass!
 I have been thinking, and I have come to the conclusion that it would be pretty sweet to be called as a witness in some sort of murder trial!
 Pretty sweet indeed, my friends! Pretty sweet indeed!
 Not hardly! But I do want to be able to testify under oath, that I, T-Rex, am an AWESOME DUDE. It will go in the official court record! It will probably be reported in the papers!
 What? No!
 No they won't!
 But wouldn't it be SO AWESOME to discuss your own awesomeness in open court, that it would be a special case?
 I would argue, "yes&quot;!
 Everyone (including me) is an end in himself: not a means to an end for others!
 This means I should exist for my own sake, neither sacrificing myself to others, nor sacrificing others to myself! The pursuit of my own rational self interest, and happiness, is the highest moral purpose of my life!
 If I must deal with others, it should be as TRADERS, in a pure capitalist system.  No charity! No sympathy! Just business, an exchange of value for value.
Utahraptor: But where does love fit into this system of Objectivism, T-Rex?
 What do you mean?
 Nope! Love is selfISH.  You see value in someone, and they see value in you! You want access to this value, so you arrange a spiritual exchange.
 Hey, that rhymes!
 This fallacy is when you assume that since a position is between two extremes, it must be right!
 It seems to occur because often, this IS the case.  For instance, eating a moderate amount of food is better than eating to excess, or eating not at all.
 However, just because a case is between two extremes does not make it automatically correct! It must be JUSTIFIED.
 Easy!
 Say you think I should go on a trip around the world, while I assure you that I can't afford it and that I should stay home.  From that, we would conclude that I should go on a trip exactly half-way around the world, where I'd probably run out of money and get stuck!
 Luckily, we have arrived to that conclusion via a fallacy so I will be making no such trip!
 I was asked by a friend of mine how he could tell his sweetheart that he loves her in a new, exciting way! He's worried that he's said the same old thing too often, and that it's getting stale.
 I assured him that there are infinitely-many ways to say "I love you&quot;!
 For instance, you could say "I love you&quot;, but you could also say &quot;I really love you&quot;! Or, for that matter: &quot;I really really love you!&quot;
 Therefore, since you can have an arbitrary number of 'really's, there are an infinite number of ways to say "I love you&quot;.
 So?
 Well that explains why that woman at the supermarket never replied to my letters!
 Also they were anonymous!
 Last night it occured to me that an evening at the theatre would be a delightful distraction!
 However, when I arrived, they were out of tickets!
 It's the story of my life!
 It means that that one incident is indicative of a larger trend in my life.
Yes!
 But in a METAPHORICAL sense.
 You know! Theatres! Full! No tickets!
Utahraptor: I'm sorry, T-Rex, I really don't follow.
 You were THERE!
 Any variation which is not inherited is unimportant for us.
 But the number and diversity of inheritable deviations of structure, both those of slight and those of considerable physiological importance, is endless.  Dr. Prosper Lucas's treatise, in two large volumes, is the fullest and the best on this subject.
 When a deviation appears not unfrequently, and we see it in the father and child, we cannot tell whether it may not be due to the same original cause acting on
 both; but when amongst individuals, apparently exposed to the same conditions, any very rare deviation, due to some extraordinary combination of circumstances, appears in the parent--say, once amongst several million individuals--and it reappears in the child, the mere doctrine of chances almost compels us to a-
 Today is a good day I think for people volunteering unwanted personal information about themselves!
 Should be awkward!
 Oh.
 I see.
 [thinking] Hmm... that was KIND of awkward.
 Wow...
 That was awkward!
 I Think it would be nice if I gave presents to people, once a year!  Furthermore, it would be nice if I did this on a set day.
 I will call this day "Dinosaur Present Day, Featuring T-Rex&quot;!
 Dromiceiomimus, did you know that Dinosaur Present Day, Featuring T-Rex, is coming up?
 Ho ho ho, I get it.  No, "present&quot; as in the gift!
Utahraptor: You're going to be giving out presents, T-Rex?
 I am!
 It's a surprise!
 No.
 No!
 I need to think of awesome presents to get all my friends!
 Then I'll go out and buy these gifts! I will do this using CAPITALISM.
 Dromiceiomimus, If you could have anything in the whole world, what would you want?
 Really? Hmm...
Utahraptor: What's the matter, T-Rex? You seem preoccupied.
 I am!
 I'm worried that my Dinosaur Present Day, Featuring T-Rex, has become too commercial! We've forgotten about the true spirit of the day.
 That's the magic of Dinosaur Present Day, Featuring T-Rex!
 I've decided that despite the commercialism of the season, I will still be giving out presents to all my friends!
 However, I will achieve this by sneaking into their houses and leaving the presents there!
 Dromiceiomimus, I think you should examing your house carefully tomorrow morning!
 I have a hunch you might find some surprises there, is all!
Utahraptor: We'll still know it's you who put the presents there, T-Rex!
 True!
 It's no trouble!
 I just like the excitement of giving people presents!
 It makes me feel kind of sexy, you know?
 Dinosaur Present Day, Featuring T-Rex, has been a complete success!
 People even gave ME presents! It was awesome!
 Thank you so much for the little gloves, Dromiceiomimus!
Dromiecieomimus: Well thank YOU for the chocolates, T-Rex! They were very nice.
 Nice chocolates for a nice lady!
 Indeed!
 Featuring T-Rex? That would be a lot of presents!
 Yeah man!
 I am giving a "thumbs up&quot;!
 Today I am excited!  Today I did not forget my dentist appointment!
 Today I will be the one to impress my dentist with my personal oral hygiene!
 I spent an hour this morning making sure that my teeth were sparkly clean.  I practiced in the mirror saying "Of course I floss after every meal&quot;, &quot;Of course, Doctor!  I floss after every meal&quot;, and &quot;Floss after every meal?  Of course!&quot;
 I practiced until I got it RIGHT.
 Not hardly!
 But every time I go he asks, and every time I feel like I let him down - personally, you know?  Like he has twenty kids and I'm the only one who doesn't floss and he doesn't know why.
 It gets sadder!  Sometimes I imagine he's bought books on how to get your kid to floss, and he's tried everything the books say but still, I don't floss - and he's started to wonder if there is something wrong with HIM.  Has he failed me as a dentist?  As a FATHER?  Where did it all go wrong?
 I wonder what the longest word in the dictionary is!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you know what the longest word in the dictionary is?
 Ha ha, no, this isn't a riddle. It's a real question I'm investigating!
Utahraptor: Ooh! T-Rex! I know the longest word in the dictionary!
 What?
 "Smiles&quot;.
 That's it!
 Everybody dies!
 I wonder what the longest word in the dictionary is!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you know what the longest word in the dictionary is?
 Ha ha, no, this isn't a riddle. It's a real question I'm investigating!
Utahraptor: Ooh! T-Rex! I know the longest word in the dictionary!
 What?
 "Smiles&quot;.
 That's it!
 Everybody dies!
 Many hundreds of years ago, things were done in different ways!
 Many things were more primitive.  All of the modern conveniences you take for granted did not exist!
 People died at a younger age.
 Travel was harder and took much longer!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, your history lesson has no value!
 Why would you say that?
 Then I guess my career as an educator is...
 ...history?
 New Year's Resolutions are used to make changes in your life!
 Classically, one would make private resolutions and endeavour to carry these out over the new, unblemished year.  However, this tradition has changed over time!
 People now choose to announce their resolutions, perhaps in the hopes of making their pledges more likely to be fulfilled.  Worse, in some families members make resolutions for each other: a recipe for fighting and snide, sarcastic suggestions!
Utahraptor: Hey, that sounds like a great idea, T-Rex!  Let's make resolutions for each other!
 Huh?
 Weren't you listening?  This will only lead to conflict!
 No!
 Y-you have one prepared?
 You jerk!  You brought a list!
 Because the words have two different origins.
 Because that would be impractical.
 Yes, boxes.
 No, they would not.
 ARGH!
 I have received complaints. Apparently I can be difficult to follow, and sometimes people get confused.
 I hope that will not be the case today, with...
 I will go for a walk and talk about the weather.
 Nice weather today, isn't it?
 Yes.
 What?
 I get it!
 I received some excellent news last night: that I've been accepted in a part-time job at the local middle school (grades 6-8)!
 I'll be teaching TWEENS!
Dromiceiomimus: Look, um, T-Rex - don't say that word. No real person ever uses that word.
 Then I will be the first!
Dromiceiomimus: No, please, T-Rex, don't use that word.You know who uses that word? Jerks use that word, T-Rex.
 I don't care what she says! I'm using the word "tweens&quot;!
 Not you too!
 Ok tweens, I'll be your substitute teacher for today!
 And I was once a tweenager too, so I don't want any tween tricks played on me! Alright, tweens?
 I feel as if I've spent the past year in some sort of alternate reality!  Indeed, if I were to describe my adventures over the past several months, I would describe them as...
 Non-canon!
 Today is a beautiful day to be stomping on things, out here in the REAL world!  How are you today, Gertie?
 Ha ha!  That of course is my name, which is why I am responding to it!  I'm fine today, Gertie!
 Hell yes!
 Great!  I too will bring my wife.
T-Rex + Utahraptor: We're both married!
 Ha ha ha!
 Dear Seventeen,
 I was in the Garden of Eden, and I don't know what I was thinking, but... I ate the forbidden fruit!
 It was SO embarrasing! My fave crush was there and he saw everything! Just when I thought things couldn't get worse, God showed up, and he kicked us both out of the Garden... for good! I could have died!
 Then, when we were outside, I suddenly knew shame for the first time... and my crush did too! I swear I never blushed so much in my enitre life!
 There is a silver lining though - we are now completely in love, despite what happened!
 S-sorta?
 And he never called me again!
 Unicorns and flying submarines are two things that do not exist!
 Other things that don't exist include talking plants and ham and cheese sandwiches that are made out of neither ham nor cheese!
 These things DON'T EXIST.
 Also: Objectivity.
 So?
 At the end, I'll have an exhaustive list of Things That Don't Exist. Then in the future if anybody ever wants to see if something exists, they could just consult my list!
 Mine the task eternal!
 I wonder what the world would be like if I had never been born!
 I wonder!
 I do. "Merry Christmas!&quot; What reason have you to be merry? You're poor enough.
 Bah! Humbug!
 Long past?
 What business brought you here?
 What the- ?! That's not what I wanted to dream about at all!
 I'm in the prime of life!
 Ha ha ha!
 Hey, Dromiceiomimus, would you say it's great to be young?
 It's great, eh?
 It sure is!
Utahraptor: If youth is so great, how come you're wasting it, T-Rex?
 You're right!
 However, that will be more than enough excitement for me!
 I believe today I will go down to the beach and swim!
 Naked!
 Good morning, Dromiceiomimus! Beutiful day, isn't it?
Dromiceiomimus: It is indeed, T-Rex.  A fine day for going to the beach - is that where you're headed?
 It is, my friend!  I'm going to swim naked!
 I am, good sir!
 Not at all!
 Why?
 Go naked!
 I'm swimming naked!
 Winning arguments is easy!
 The secret is to convince your opponent that arguing with you isn't worthwhile!  When they abandon the argument/friendship, you win!
  It's really that easy!
 No!
 I SPECIFICALLY specified that it's for winning arguments/friendships.
  Hmm... sounds to me like somebody lost their last few friendships!
 That's easy!
 "Happy machine!&quot;
 Now granted, it's not the cutest phrase if you just look at it.  But if you think about what a happy machine would do - what it would look like, you end up with something that is just so cute!
 A happy machine!
 No!
 It's a machine to create happiness.  A happy machine!
 Oh noo!
 I've made a fantastic discovery: a discovery bound to send the music theorists back to their dusty old drawing boards! For you see....
 I've discovered how to turn most any love song into a sea shanty!
 Indeed!
 Easy! I simply replace every instance of "baby&quot; with &quot;matey&quot;!
Utahraptor: There's no way that would work, T-Rex! No way!
 Try it yourself!
 See?
 It's amazing!
 Everytime I tried to tell you
 the words
 just came out wrong
 So, I have to say I love you
 IN A SONG!
 What?
 The differences between adults and children are many!
 For example: while adults are by definition fully grown, children are much smaller! Adults have more life experiences than children, who may have very little! Adults, legally, are fully-recognized people, while children are not! They do not have the same rights.
 Yes, there are many differences between adults and children!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex!
 What is it, Utahraptor?
 How embarrassing!
 Well, to be fair, that IS one of the differences between adults and children!
 As the fantastic fellow that I am, I've decided to reward my friends for their hard years of friendship!
 I will be rewarding them by giving out prizes: anything their heart desires!
 Dromiceiomimus, I would like to reward you for being my friend! What would yo like?
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I didn't become your friend because of the chance of a reward! I'm not sure this is a good idea: people might find it insulting!
 Is that true? Could others take my offer of prizes to be an insult?
 Good God, you're right! Let me make this up to you. We'll go to the movies!
 That'll be fun, eh?
 My treat!
 I find "cooties&quot; to be an interesting idea. We hear about this 'disease' as children, and we never forget!
 Nobody wants to have cooties, despite the fact that they have no effect on anyone whatsoever!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, you have cooties?
 What? No! I don't have cooties! Nobody has cooties!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you have cooties?!
 No I don't! 
 What's with everyone asking me if I have cooties? Maybe YOU have cooties!
 I'm not!
 IT IS CLEAR THAT I DO NOT IN FACT HAVE COOTIES!
Off-panel: Everyone! This T-Rex here has cooties!
 No! Don't listen to him!
 I just realized: I'm almost certainly the one person who knows me the best! This has many implications...
 For one, it means if I think I'm awesome, no-one can dispute it because I'm the authority!
 This is great! I intend to make all sorts of pronouncements about myself, pronouncements that people will be forced to accept, because who would know myself better than me? Nobody, that's who!
 Looks like my weekend just got filled up!
Utahraptor: Unfortunately, your reasoning is flawed, T-Rex!
 I don't see how!
Utahraptor: While you may well be the authority on all things T-Rex, this does not mean that people should accept your judgments without question!
 It doesn't?
 I guess you're righ- Hey!
 Is there some political undertone to what you're saying?!
 I have been secretly programming in my spare time! What's more, I have completed my first game. I call it...
 "Monkey Whore!&quot;
 Like all my work, the exclaimation mark belongs in the title. It's that exciting a game!
 Well, it's great. You start out as a monkey whore and then you collect coins and at the end of the game you are the Champion of the Monkey Whores!
Utahraptor: Where did you pick up a word like "whore&quot;, T-Rex?!
 I saw it on the Internet!
 I have the basic idea! A whore is someone who collects coins, yes?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, a whore is someone who has sex for money.
 Holy cow!
 My game's not appropriate AT ALL!
 Who cares about feelings?
 I tell it like it is!
 My lady, wouldst thou be so kind as to prepare me my dinner and birth me my babies?
 You have my thanks!
 Quickly, now.
 What's the secret word?
 Is it still alright to hold a door open for a lady?
 Now that's fair to BOTH genders!
 Who cares about feelings?!
 Damn right! That's because we're all part of a cybernetic collective consciousness.
 I have finished a new novel! This is my best novel yet, for the simple reason that it includes one critical aspect:
 A sex scene!
 Yep! It's HOT, if I do say so myself!
 Shit! I hadn't thought of that!
 Damn damn damn! What am I going to do? I'm doomed!
 Not as such.
 I - I guess so!
 I'm sabotaging my own life!!
 Today I am not going to make any decision, except for this decision, just now, not to make any decisions!
 This is great! I can't be held responsible for my actions!
 Dromiceiomimus, should I stomp this house FAST, or should I stomp this house SLOW?
 I'm sorry but please limit your answers to the suggestions provided!
Utahraptor: I'm disappointed, T-Rex! You're not living up to the possibilities of your decision!
 Oh?
 Oh man, I should totally become the ultimate personification of society! Everything I did would be instantly symbolic
 Imagine the symbology if I committed suicide?
 WITH THE TV ON?
 "Houston, we have a problem!&quot;
 Ha ha ha!
 Hey, Dromiceiomimus!  These people in this house, you know what they're saying?
 "Houston, we have a problem!&quot;
 Ha ha ha!
 "Houston, we have a problem!&quot;
 "Houston, we have a problem!&quot;, little lady!
Utahraptor: Give it a break, T-Rex!
 Like what?
 "Houston, we have a problem!&quot;
 Ha ha ha!
 We can't trust our senses! The entire world could be an illusion!
 Oh well. It doesn't really matter either way, I suppose.
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Science tells us everything is relative!
 You misrepresent the science. All vantage points are relative, however, this does not mean that all THINGS are relative. That would be absurd.
 But please, continue to take simplified scientific results and apply them naively to philosophical thought!
 I dreamed last night that I was sleeping in av ery tiny car.
 When I woke up, my arms were sore!
 True story!
 But of course I don't try to read too much into that...
 It was probably just some random neurons firing in my brain!
 Do tell!
 Good Lord!
 How is it that I have the same dream...
 EVERY NIGHT?
 With new understandings coming from the field of Science, we no longer have to give God all the credit for creating the Universe!
 It's great!
 In the past, we did not have a very good understanding of our world, and so attributing storms and such to God made sense.
 But NOW, we understand things! We don't need a God to make hurricanes and babies for us. We can make them in a lab!
 In effect, WE (and by 'we' I mean 'dinosaurs') have become the all-powerful Gods of old!
Utahraptor: I'm afraid your reasoning is flawed T-Rex! Fatally flawed!
 I don't see how!
Utahraptor: The answer is "no&quot;, T-Rex!
 Well I still have plenty more proof that God doesn't exist! Remember all those emails I sent Him back in December?
 They BOUNCED!
 Well, I'm perfectly content!
 Yes indeed, life is good!
 Wait  - what's this?
 A growth on my leg?
 Run away!
 Wait - what are we running from?
 Shit, no!
 I've decided that I will put my tremendous height, strength, abilities, intellect, and colour to good use!
 I will become...
 A superhero!
 First I need a secret identity, but I've already god that.  Then I need an origin story, but I can figure that out later.  What's most important is fighting crime!
 Silence, citizen!
 No!  You're stealing my idea!
 No, but I was going to -
 No fair!  I was going to ask her to be MY sidekick!
 You can't just -
 My base is going to be better!
 I have heard of the perfect way for one, and all of ones friends to be the classiest group of people ever!
 How to appear to be classy!
 The secret is the HANDSHAKE. If you greet all of your friends with a handshake, then, WITHOUT FAIL, people will start commenting on how classy you are!
 This is going to be great!
 And when people do compliment me on my classiness, I'll shake their hand!
 I do believe I am!
 But you didn't shake my hand just now. It is LESS CLASSY to run up behind someone shouting than to give them a firm handshake!
 Ready!
 Ha, ha! Here I go!
 Valentine's Day?!
 *Oh no!*
 I need to find myself a Valentine, STAT!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I was hoping I'd run into you! Would you be my Valentine?
 Aww! Of course I'll be your Valentine, Dromiceiomimus!
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: Hooray!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex! I wanted to ask you a question!
 Sure!
 But before you say anything, I want to share with you some happy news: that Dromiceiomimus wanted to be my Valentine!
 Stupid manufactured holidays!
 I have recently discovered a new philosophical system of beliefs!
 Buddhism!
 Buddhism allows me to forgo material things.
 All I have to do is sit around all day and think, then I become enlightened!
 It is a sweet deal.
 Truly, Buddhism is the way for me!
 Huh?
Utahraptor: I think it's pretty clear that you have only the most superficial grasp on the philosophy, T-Rex!
 I also saw a statue!
  You know how sometimes you wonder what your life would be like, if only you made some decisions differently?
  Well, I intend to find out!
  It'll be great!  I'll move to a new town and START OVER.  Then every chance I have, I'll make the other decision:  the one I didn't make the first time!
  It'll be great!  And if things turn out worse with these new decisions, well then--lesson learned!  I'll just move back here and never speak of it again.
  Then it's settled:  I'll move to a new town, make new friends, and start a whole new identity!
  "Why&quot;?
  Ha ha!
  NO, I didn't commit some horrible crime!
  Right?
 I have finally decided to add another word to my List of Favourite Words!
 The word?
 Sesquipedalian!
 The reason this word is so great is that it means "given to the overuse of long words&quot; and it itself is a long word!
 i can't get enough!
Utahraptor: So - what? You enjoy the irony of the word, T-Rex?
 Yep!
 Is that alright?
 Alright then!
Fantastic!
 I'm glad we had this little talk!
 It's been a memorable two weeks indeed!
 Do you recall a few days ago, when we had that hilarious conversation?
 I - um.
 Line?
 So what meaning do you see my actions representing?
 Oh man!
 Now I - um...
 Line?
 I have been thinking of registering a domain name...
 ... on the Internet!
 This domain name will have to be something that reflects me and my interests!
 Something that says, "This is an awesome dude!&quot; but also says &quot;You should sign the guestbook!&quot;
 Hmm...
 Oh boy! What is it?
 That's perfect!
Narrator: stood face to face with the T-Rex (one almost wants to speculate that the two were engaged in sparkling conversation) before returning the way he came...
 Who wants some ice cream?!
 Dromiceiomimus, come over tonght!  I'm going to have an ICE CREAM NIGHT.
 Yeah!  We'll all go out for ice cream!  It'll be fun!
 Ice cream!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex!  Beautiful day, isn't it!
 It IS!
 It's so beautiful, you should come over tonight for ice cream!
 You know it!
 Shit, it's still winter!
 So, if you'll excuse the pun, I think you'll agree: one cannot have a "will to&quot; something without first a &quot;will through&quot; something, yes?
 Utahraptor?
 Utahraptor?!
 Where the hell did he go? He was right here!
 We were talking!
 I was being CLEVER!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Wait up!
 Where were you?
 R-Really?
 Since when do you smoke?
 Since WHEN?!
  I can't believe the Utahraptor's a smoker!  I can't believe it!
  Doesn't he know he's damaging his LUNGS?!
  Dromiceiomimus, did you know that the Utahraptor is a smoker?
  YOU smoke TOO?!  I could stomp a house, I'm so shocked!
  My shock is continued!
Utahraptor:  It's MY choice, T-Rex!
  Maybe I'll just like the taste of BURYING YOUR ASS!
  You heard me!
 I guess I shouldn't freak out too much about people smoking. I'm not sure if it's my place... I'll try to be more "cool&quot; about it!
 Plus, I don't want to become a big old sanctimonious bastard!
 So, Dromiceiomimus! How long have you been smoking?
 Wait- you DRINK?!
 Am I a prude? Am I out of touch with the youth of today?
 I - I just would prefer it if you'd consider quitting the habit!
 That's right!
 I said it!
 Who said that?!
 Oh yeah?  Prove it!  What am I going to do next?
 Ha!  I'd like to see that!
 Oh my goodness!  He was right!
 God!!
 God's talking to me and he can tell the FUTURE!
Utahraptor: Huh?  I don't hear anything.  Maybe you're going CRAZY, T-Rex!
 Hah hah hah!  No way!
 Hello, everybodee!
 This is a very dull panel. What is on the next panel?
 WHAT DID THAT SAY? Did that say there will be a dinosaur at the end of this comic?
 It did? Oh, I am so scared of dinosaurs!!
 Listen, I have an idea. If you do not read any panels, we will never get to the end of this comic.
 And that is good, because there is a dinosaur at the end of this comic.
 so please do not read the next panel.
 Maybe you do not understand! You do not know what you are doing to me!
 I, T-Rex, am begging you not to read the next panel!
 Oh, I am so SCARED! Please do not read the next panel. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE!
 Well, look at that! This is the end of the comic, and the only one here is ME!
 I, lovable, scaly old T-Rex am the dinosaur at the end of this comic!
 And you were so scared! I told you and told you that there was nothing to be afraid of!
  Here is a list of things that I've burnt:
  - Toast!
  - My house!
  - Dinner!
  - My Fingers!
  - RUBBER.
  Which?
  Oh, that's very funny, Utahrapt-
  Look out behind you!!
 How can I possibly be late for my important meeting AGAIN?
 How is this even possible?!
 I got up early, I ate breakfast early, I showered early, and yet: I am late! Again! Still!
 Why I am always late for my very important meetings?
 I do not understand this!
 If there were an award for lateness, I would be the winner, two years in a row!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex!
 Hello Utahraptor! How are you today?
 Oh, ha ha! Don't worry about me!
 It's just something I have to take care of, you know?
 Last night I built myself a machine...
 ... a time machine!
 This time machine is a watch, one that allows me to travel through time at the fantastic rate of one second per second.
 It will show me what tomorrow is like, tomorrow!
 (What a great adventure!)
 Hey!
 What?
 Ack!
 I'm going to write my autobiography! But rather than writing it myself,
 I'm going to get lots of other people to write it for me!
 I guess so. But different! Everybody I know gets to write one chapter, and they don't see what other people wrote until the book is published!
Utahraptor: This sounds like fun, T-Rex!
 I think it will be, and flattering too!
 Huh?
 What? I don't smell funny on Tuesdays!!
 Who smells funny on a specific day of the week?
 I'm going to write my autobiography! But rather than writing it myself,
 I'm going to get lots of other people to write it for me!
 I guess so. But different! Everybody I know gets to write one chapter, and they don't see what other people wrote until the book is published!
Utahraptor: This sounds like fun, T-Rex!
 I think it will be, and flattering too!
 Huh?
 What? I don't smell funny on Tuesdays!!
 Who smells funny on a specific day of the week?
 I see all of my relations in economic terms! You provide value to me by providing me a "sounding board&quot; for my ideas, and also (potentially) as a mate!
 Conversely, this house provides no value to me, and my relation with it is understandably strained!
 You too provide no value to me, young woman! That is why I stomp you with impunity.
 Shit!
 All right!
 I'm pissed off, so everybody get out of my way!
 My rage brings destruction!
 My rage brings DEATH!
 Today is my "day of rage&quot;.
 Shoot, you're right! Oh man...
 I've got some 'splainin to do!
 Dear God! 
 The Utahraptor's mind-control ray experiment: it finally succeeded! 
 It gives him dominion over the minds of men, and his absolute power has corrupted him, absolutely! 
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, he's going around making people give him all their money!
 Somehow - SOMEHOW - we've got to stop him! The fate of the free world depends on it!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Give me all your money!
 NO! You'll never get away with this!
 I -
 ALL THE MONEY
 Thanks for the cookies!
 I had a horrible dream last night!  Real nightmare!
 In my dream, everything had turned into plasticine!  Do you ever have nightmares, Dromiceiomimus?
 I wish I wouldn't either!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, are you sure it was just a dream?
 What do you mean?
 You're just trying to scare me!
 But mirrors don't exist yet!
 Straight outta prehistoric Compton, a crazy motherf***er named T-Rex!
 I mack on hoes in hopes of having sex!
 I don't need an AK, cause I've got a foot! That can stomp your house into a pile of soot! Sucker MCs see me bend my knees-
Dromiceiomimus: Please don't stomp on 'em, T-Rex!
 Dromiceiomimus please!
 Stomping on fools is my favourite sport! Here comes the Utahraptor with a witty retort!
 Sucks to be you!
 My rhymes are so oldschool, the school is still new!
 This is MY town - a dirty town, but I'm gonna clean it up...
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex! You can't stomp that house! You don't have a warrant!!
 Don't try to stop me - this cabin is a FRONT!
 ... for DRUGS!!
 You wanted to see me, chief?
 Yeah, well respected... for DRUGS!
 But - but I have low self-esteem! Remember??
Dromeceiomimus: Hey,T-Rex!
 What? Oh, yes! That's right, other dinosaur, it's me, your life-long friend, T-Rex!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, it's almost noon. You hungry?
 Of course I'm hungry! I could eat my weight in carrots -- er -- raw meat.
 Because I'm a carnivore!
 No way! I might accidentally hurt some rabbits!
 ...which would actually be okay because, as a carnivore, I... eat... rabbits.
 but--
 Wha?
 THE PLIGHT OF THE LOWER CLASS WILL NEVER BE UNDERSTOOD BY THE WEALTHY
 Today, gentle reader of the comic in which I am a character, (perhaps the TITLE character?) we are going to break the 4th wall.
 We may, in fact, be doing it now!
 N... No?
Utahraptor: I think she's right, T-Rex.
 Oh no!
 What's all this then? I appear to be made of crude sticks and dots! And I feel mildly chunky!
 ALTERNATE UNIVERSE!
 Dromiceiomimus, in this universe, instead of being my ex-girlfriend, you are a street-wisened homicide detective named "Lenny&quot;!
 I will be a racially stereotyped informant named "Miguel Sanchez&quot;!
 Oh YEAH? Well,
 I can't believe that I didn't see that obvious flaw in my new philosophy!*
 I've got to start thinking these things through.
 Wait - that's it!
 From now on I will be pensive, considerate. I will be a reflective and thoughtful T-Rex!
 Oh?
 Yes, I am a new, more thoughtful dinosaur.
 He's right!
 Is this the portrait... 
 ... of a dinosaur in crisis?
 The Lion King is a great movie!
 It has everything a good movie needs.
 Plus a beautiful message, without making the movie too corny.
 Yup. Great movie it was.
 That wasn't in the movie. 
 *gasp*
 I may look different, but I assure you...
 I am as much myself as I have ever been!
 Why, I still take immense pleasure in stomping on this conveniently placed log cabin.
 And of course, a young lady that is in a prime position for a good stomping herself.
 THIS CANNOT BEEE!!!!!
 RAAAARG!!!
 Indeed I have. Indeed I HAVE!
 STOMP HARDER!!!
 Know what I hate? Comics that break the "fourth wall!&quot;
 Damn straight!
 It's cheap lazy writing by talentless hacks with no creative muscle!
 You heard me! If anyone were to debase this comic with cheap "fourth wall&quot; jokes, I would crush not only this house and family, but the &quot;fourth wall&quot; joke-teller him- or herself! That is the extent of my rancor and wrath!
 Take that, self-aware nincompoops! Feel the foot wrath of my feet!
 I must have taken a wrong left turn near Albuquerque!
 Because now I am trapped in Contradiction City!
 I should go.
 But I can't!
 And why not?
 I'm waiting For Godot!
 You're sure it was here?
 That we were to wait.
 I don't know. A willow.
 It must be dead.
 Or perhaps it's not the season.
 A shrub.
 Godot! Where were you?
 Okay! Time to get down to some squashing! Hey... what gives? What's with the word balloon and the jester regular font?
 There's only four panels, no little people, no dromiceiomimus, and we look all different! Everything's changed!
 Let's eat a flintstone!
 something's wrong today...
 things are not the way they should be
 I usually star in the first panel, then you, my sidekick, come only three panels later...
 but there you are today...
 and all panels are identical!
 you should be
 what the...
 no, we're saved!
 it always ends in the sixth panel!
 well...
 I can't, I'm stuck here!
 and I'm not gay!
 I am such a great T-Rex!
 In fact, I must be the greatest T-Rex in the world!
 Hey, Dromiceiomimus!  Look at me as I crush this small building!  Don't you think I possess the greatest building crushing form in the world?
 What?  By "ok&quot;, do you mean GREAT? And by &quot;I guess&quot;, do you mean &quot;know with absolute certainty?&quot; If so, then I agree!
 Utahraptor!  Take a look at what I'm going to do to this unsuspecting woman!
 My stomp exhibits far more grace than any other T-Rex!  Just another example of why I'm the greatest!
Utahraptor: It was a pretty good... stomp... I suppose.  But you're not the greatest T-Rex.  That title belongs to Steve on the other side of the river.
 What!?
 I must defeat him!
 I would like to start a biscuits and gravy club.
 I LOVE biscuits and gravy!
 I believe I would call it "Get Biscuits, Pal, Or Go To An Early Gravy.&quot;
Utahraptor: T-Rex, that sounds like an ad slogan, not the name of an organization.
 It does?
 At least we can agree on one thing...
 Biscuit fever is here to stay!
Narrator: You are a T-Rex, undisputed King of the Dinosaurs. You are out stomping when you see a log cabin! Turn to panel 2.
 I've been practicing a little something in my spare time!
 Mime!

 Amazing, eh, Dromiceiomimus?
 Driving a car! Uncanny, yes? Don't worry, there is no invisible car!
 Oh yeah? You can do better?
 Oh, whatever!
 whatever, man!
 That's nothing! You wanna see what driving a car REALLY looks like?
 beep beep
 I have received a stern letter from the "government&quot;!  They are angry because I didn't pay my &quot;taxes&quot; last year!  Well, guess what, government?
 Last year is now officially non-canon!
 I got the idea from TV!  From now on, whenever something I don't like happens to me, I'll just declare it to be non-canon!
 So far!
 Sure I can!  I just did!
 Remember that time I got beat up in Grade 2?  Guess what?  It's not canon anymore!  And remember that time I lost a baby?  Guess what?
 CORRECT!
 In summary, any event in which I was embarrassed is now non-canon!
 I've also retroconned my name to be "Mister Awesome&quot;, by the way!
 JEALOUS?
 The identity theory is that all states of the mind are identical to all states of the brain!
This means that for every perception, every emotion, even for every thought that I have, there is a corresponding state in my brain to match.
 My sense of self itself is nothing more than the physical state of the chemicals and neurons in my stately skull!
Utahraptor: Your theory has appeal, T-Rex!
 It does?
 But it's not that simple!
 Dude, I don't even know what that is!
 I've had a great idea! I'm going to convince one of my friends that I have a magical ring. But the catch is, the ring only works if you are pure of heart!
 So, this friend of mine will undergo a regime of self-improvement!
 However, when they finally have bettered themselves and are "pure of heart&quot;, they will realize that there was no magic ring: the magic was in them, all along!
 Sure it does! It's a magic ring!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, do you want to come over this evening to watch a movie?
 Sure!
 Actually, I was hoping I'd run into you. I have a MAGIC RING that I'd like to give to you! But the catch is, it only works if you are pure of heart.
 Well, would"#8211;
 Would you like another?
 It's my favourite season:
 Spring!
 In spring you get flowers popping up, new fresh air, young lovers walking hand-in-hand...
 It's all very pretty!
 Perhaps!
 It's just like - I wish I were part of that young couple walking hand-in-hand, you know?
 Yeah...
 Anyway, who cares? It's spring!
 Yes, it's spring! Time to go for long walks in the springtime sun!
 It's extra nice, since today I have a full stomach! Life is good!
 Fancy meeting you here, Dromiceiomimus! Out for a walk in the springtime?
Dromiceiomimus: I am, T-Rex, and you as well, I see!
 It is a popular pasttime on the first warm day of the year!
 Ha ha, yep! Sure did!
Utahraptor: I didn't invite you over to eat all my cookies, T-Rex!
 You went to the washroom and I was hungry! Let us just enjoy this fine day together!
 Whoah, hold up! 
 "Scallywag&quot;?
 I've come across a way of making any otherwise-simple sentence sinister and creepy! The secret is simple:
 The secret is whispering!
 It works as follows: assume it's your birthday today, Dromiceiomimus. If I were to say, "Happy birthday, Dromiceiomimus!&quot; that would sound normal, yes?
 But check out what happens if I whisper!
 [[whispers]] happy birthday dromiceiomimus
 Okay, I'll try!
 [[whispers]] that shirt looks good on you, utahraptor
 [[whispers]] it looks good on your body
 See? Creeeeepy!
 CUT AND SAVE!
 Eating vegetables can be a pain for today's breed of young, cool, somehow single men!
 The trick, Dromiceiomimus, is NOT to make vegetables fun. Nothing makes vegetables fun except using them as weapons (carrot swords, etc).
 The TRICK is to put all the vegetables into one easy-to-make, delicious dish!
 Well, I'm glad you asked!
 Cover and cook over medium heat until the potatoes are soft!
 Awesome! Okay, once more, from the top!
 This is going to be the best talent show ever!
 The gambler's fallacy is when one assumes that a deviation from what occurs in the long term...
 ...will be corrected in the short term!
 This is most often seen when people play games of chance. They'll assume that, say, since they've had such bad luck with rolls of the dice recently, they are somehow "due&quot; for a good roll!
 However, in most cases things are independent. The results of the previous roll has no bearing on the current roll!
Utahraptor: And just how is this a logical fallacy, T-Rex? It sounds more like basic probability!
 Well...
 Whatever!
 The gambler's fallacy is when one assumes that a deviation from what occurs in the long term...
 ...will be corrected in the short term!
 This is most often seen when people play games of chance. They'll assume that, say, since they've had such bad luck with rolls of the dice recently, they are somehow "due&quot; for a good roll!
 However, in most cases things are independent. The results of the previous roll has no bearing on the current roll!
Utahraptor: And just how is this a logical fallacy, T-Rex? It sounds more like basic probability!
 Well...
 Whatever!
  Oh man!
  Khaaaaaaaaan!
  Hah hah, OK.  You are my son, David, and we are trying to locate the Genesis device, which has been stolen, and which has the awesome power to reshape worlds!
  I just hope my arch-nemesis, Khan, a genetically engineered superman from Earth's Eugenic Wars of the 1990s, doesn't show up!
  I stranded him on a planet years ago, and he never forgets a face!
  Khan!
  Not if I disable your ship first!
  Scotty, I need war speed in three minutes or we're all dead!
  Although I somehow feel as though we'll warp away just as Genesis goes off, and that Spock will die at the end (needs of the many)!
 I feel today that my actions will be charged with symbolism.
 *gasp*
 As a male, I take on the position of the Everyman - with the latter syllable perhaps the most important from our post-Feminist perspective. The house clearly represents repressed femininity, at once recalling the blissful days of the past, while reminding us of their fundamental injustices. My action in destroying the house remains a puzzling enigma.
 The emphasis on male oppression is continued as I stand poised to crush this woman beneath my man-foot.
 Oh, that is a part of it, to be sure.
 ...but the desires of my darker nature manifest themselves as misogyny! Surely that must enter into your analysis!
 No!
 Have you, Dromiceiomimus?
 Yeah...
 *sigh*
 ... yeah, me too.
 I say we kill all of them!
 Meeting adjourned!
 I demand instant gratification!
 I'm not gratified!
 Maybe instant gratification isn't-
 Dromiceiomimus! How long have you been standing there?!
Utahraptor: I'm T-Rex and I demand instant gratification!
 Those were my private thoughts! She had no right to tell you!
 Haha, I guess I was being kind of silly!
 Listen though, don't tell my mom, okay?
 I've bought myself a new means of transportation!
 A bicycle!
 Do you want to go on a bike ride, Dromiceiomimus?
 You can watch me!
Utahraptor: I'll go on a bike ride with you, T-Rex!
 Great!
 We can race! We'll ring our little bells as we zoom by pedestrians, making their hair swoosh in the direction of our travel!
Utahraptor: This is once race you're going to lose, T-Rex!
 Oh really? I think you might find you SPOKE too soon, my friend!
 That's a bicycle pun, by the way!
 (You can use it if you want!)
 I've entered a poetry contest!
 I can't lose!
 Right, Dromiceiomimus? I'm a good poet, right?
 I can assure you that my poetry is great, unlike our current department of state!
Utahraptor: Your poetry sounds a little political, T-Rex!
 It's how I express myself!
 I can do both! Observe:
 I like the flowers and the sky, They light up my spirit and let it fly, They keep my happiness in high supply,
 Unlike our current political leadership!
 The End, by T-Rex, ps: my soul is chaos!
 Ladies, please! One at a time!
 Dromiceiomimus!
 Dromiceiomimus, you've got to help me! I've doused myself in a chemical I discovered that makes me seem irresistible to women! Only I've become TOO irresistible! It's out of control!
 Oh no! It's affected her too!
 I'm doomed!
 Utahraptor!
 You've got to help me, Utahraptor! I don't know what to do!
 It's a stupid fantasy! It doesn't even make sense!
 I mean, a chemical that makes me seem irresistible to women? What is that, reverse alcohol?
 I like to keep my sexual fantasies grounded in good science, thanks!
 Spurred by an insatiable need to better myself, I have taken up a new sport!
 That sport, my friends, is fisticuffs!
 Do you think I would be good at fisticuffs, Dromiceiomimus?
 Boxing! The word is a seventeenth-century alliteration of 'fisty' (of the fists) and 'cuff'!
 So?
 Cheerfully conceded!
 What are you talking about? My arms are powerhouses!
 VESTIGIAL powerhouses!
 My fists are named "Knuckles&quot; and &quot;Chuckles&quot;, for your information!
 Spread it around, dig?
 Okay, so here's the plan!  I send cards to all my friends giving them the first clue on a treasure hunt!
 Then, they go on the treasure hunt!
 Each clue leads them to a further clue in a new location, sending them on an across-town adventure!
 The final clue leads them to my house, where they find not only a party with potato chips and barbecued corn, but also the moral that the REAL treasure is friendship!
 (I like all my parties to have morals at the end!)
 Oh boy, this treasure hunt which I have just explained in detail including the twist at the end will be great!
 Yeah, like in the fifties!  Everybody was neighbourly in the fifties!
 And all the men wore hats while the women baked pies!  Sure, we had the stability we craved after the turmoil of WWII, but at what cost?  Repression both sexual and sociological left lasting scars, leading in many ways to the cultural self-doubt of the 60s but who cares, we've got to plan this party!
 So, I've laid out all the clues around town and I've got the party and barbeque all set up!
 I think we're good to go!
 Is everything ready Dromiceiomimus?
 Excellent! Nothing could possibly go wrong! Not even GOD HIMSELF can wreck this party now!
Utahraptor: Bad news,  we don't have any cups!
 The party! It's ruined!
 Wait, did you check the cupboard above the fridge? I usually keep some cups there.
 Ha-ha, super!
 For a second there, I thought that GOD HIMSELF had wrecked our party, but nope! NOT THIS TIME, ladies!
 Yes, my friends, I would have to confess:
 Last night was the best party ever!
 Wouldn't you agree, Dromiceiomimus?  You seemed to be having a great time at the party last night!
 A "corker&quot;?  What does THAT mean?
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, I left some music at your house!
 I know!
 I listened to a bit of it: one album was quite the "corker&quot;!
 I did!  In fact, I thought ALL the music you brought over were corkers!
 "Corker&quot; means something is really good!
 Hah hah!  Imagine if we were at a vineyard?
 If there were a soundtrack to my life, what would it sound like I wonder?
 Imagine if it had vocals! And a drum solo!
 It'd be awesome!
 Here there would be some ominous music - FOR WILL THE GIRL SURVIVE?
 well, it - - um it's not like they wouldn't get paid
 *sob*
 Yesterday was a very special day for many people!
 Yesterday was Mother's Day!
 Did you give your mom some flowers for Mother's Day, Dromiceiomimus?
 Excellent! And, attached to the flowers, a note?
Utahraptor: What about you, T-Rex? What did you do for YOUR mother?
 Lots!
 I got her some seeds (she likes to garden) and some chocolate (she likes chocolate) and a card I made with a drawing of me hatching from my egg!
 Yeah, but when you open it, it's actually a robot version of me, and I'm shooting red lasers from my eyes that spell out "HAPPY MOTHERS DAY&quot;!
 (Mom said it was "very creative&quot;!)
 You know what's the best thing ever?
 The word "bicurious&quot;!
 It's funny when people use it, because how long can you be bicurious?  You don't sit around all day saying, "Hmmm... I wonder what will happen!&quot; - you look it up on the Internet, or you go out, meet someone in the gender you're interested in, and then afterwards roll over and say, &quot;Curiosity satisfied!&quot;
 Then it's high fives all around!
 You could say it like, "Curiosity: SATISFIED!&quot;
 It's a great word!
 I almost wish I was bicurious, just so I could say, "Curiosity satisfied!&quot;
 I'd say it like,
 "Curiosity... SATISFIED!!&quot;
 "Bicurious&quot;!
 Hee hee!
 I can't get enough!
 The sad thing is that the word is rarely used sincerely anymore - the only place you see it is in those sleazy newspapers with back-page advertisements for "bicurious teens!&quot;.  Bicurious teens don't need to advertise!
 Holy shit!  Single bicurious lesbians!!
Utahraptor: Damn it T-Rex, you're obsessed!  You want your "bicuriosity&quot; satisfied?!  We'll satisfy it right now!
 oh hey utahr-
 Wh-
 Did you just squeeze my bum?
 "Bicuriosity: satisfied&quot;?  More like, &quot;Bicuriosity: disappointed by a fumbling and frankly clumsy grope!&quot;
 That's right, my friend!
 CLUMSY
 Oh boy!  Today is a good day I think for an adventure through time!
 So long, Dromiceiomimus! I'm about to travel back to the age of di- back to long ago!
Dromiceiomimus: So long T-Rex!  I hope you don't become your own grandfather!
 Well... okay!
 But you have to promise to let ME choose the time period, and you're not allowed to try to set things up so you become king, alright?
 Cause I read your weblog last week, and you were all, "I want to go back in time and set it up so I become king!&quot;
 Your current mood was 'kingly'!
 I thought to myself, "T-Rex, you'd better make a note of this!&quot;
 Who knew that designing a functional time machine was so difficult?
 Not me: that's for darn sure!
Dromiceiomimus: Oh, T-Rex! Back from your adventure through time?
 NO! It's freaking impossible to build a time machine! My enthusiasm yesterday was clearly UNWARRANTED.
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, you really got my hopes up!
 I know and I'm sorry!
 But you're the skeptical one! You should have realized that I couldn't invent a time machine overnight! 
 [[Thinking]] Aww!
  Alright, so I'd like to build a time machine for Utahraptor so he'll feel better, but building one is clearly way too hard!
  Clearly way WAY too hard!
Dromiceiomimus:  But T-Rex, what if time travel is not just hard, but impossible?  If time travel is possible, where are all the tourists from the future?
  B-busy?
  Maybe they're wearing their invisibility suits!
  Or MAYBE all my friends are tourists from the future, sent to observe me!
Utahraptor:  Good morning, T-Rex!
  Good morning!  Say, if you were sent from the future to observe me, you'd let me know, right?
  Robot suits?
  You're crazy!
 Now this is a story all about how my life got flipped, turned upside down. And I'd like to take a minute - just sit right there - 
 I'll tell you how I became the prince of a town called B el-Air!
 In West Philadelphia, born and raised: on the playground was where I spent most of my days! Chillinh out, maxin', relaxing all cool and all shooting some b-ball outside of the school, when a couple of guys (they were up to no good) started making trouble in my neighbourhood! I got in ONE LITTLE FIGHT and my mom got scared, and said
 I whistled for a cab and when it came near, the license plate said "fresh&quot; and it had dice in the mirror!
Utahraptor: T-Rex?
ssh!
 If anything I could say that this cab was rare, but I thought, "Nah, forget it: yo home, to Bel-Air!&quot;
 Looked at my kingdom, I was finally there, to sit on my throne as the prince of Bel-Air!
 . . .
 Awesome! Okay, what was it you wanted to talk about?
 Fares are not guaranteed until paid in full and tickets issued.
 Check restrictions: tickets may be non-refundable!
 We recommend that sufficient insurance be purchased to cover all of your travel requirements.
 Tickets are not transferable. No one else can travel with this ticket.
 No refunds are permitted on this fare.
Utahraptor: What are you talking about, T-Rex?
 I'm explaining the rules of travel!
 Well, the rules of travel for the particular set of tickets I bought.  Rerouting is not permitted!
 You act as if the purpose of my life is to entertain others!
 Any changes to dates are subject to availability.
 You know what's funny?
 Death!
 Hah hah! Cause you're just walking along, and then it's "whoops! I'm DEAD!&quot;
 Eh, Dromiceiomimus?
 "whoops!&quot;
Utahraptor: That's not funny, T-Rex! It's tragic!
 What, death?
 Well, my friend: that depends. Did I die in a funny way? For instance, did I smoke a cigarette, and then my eyes exploded? 
 Hah hah! The dangers of smoking!
 Seriously though, you should quit.
 What's for dinner tonight, T-Rex?
 Well T-Rex, I don't know!
 What would you like, T-Rex?
 I always choose what's for dinner, T-Rex! You decide tonight.
 Hmm... in that case, T-Rex, let's have nachos tonight! It'll be fun!
 Why's that?
 Don't talk to me about societal norms! We walk around naked!
 Observe!
 I have determined something exciting! Brace yourselves, for what I have discovered is nothing less than...
 the SECRET to BEING LOVED!
 It's so easy!
 [text covered by Dromiceiomimus]
 huh?
 Oh, no.
 so anyway, the secret I discovered to being loved is simply -
 Hey, what's up?
 I was just talking about the secret to being loved.
 Ok, some other time!
 Okay, so who wants to join my bluegrass band?
 I have decided that I am starting a bluegrass band!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you know how to play any bliuegrass instruments? Do you know how to play the banjo, or fiddle, or a mandola?
 Then I am sorry but you cannot be in my bluegrass band!
Utahraptor: What is your bluegrass band called and what instrument do you play, T-Rex?
 The band is called "Burned Bluegrass&quot; and I play the lyrics!
 Yes. I will be honest with you: I am new to this "band&quot; thing.
 However, I do know what I like! At present, I like the idea of starting a bluegrass band.
 Hah hah! Who knows what tomorrow will bring?
 I certainly didn't sneak into the Utahraptor's house and eat his food again, that's for darn sure!
 Blaming others removes suspicion from myself!
 Dromiceiomimus, are those crumbs on your chin? Did you sneak into the Utahraptor's house and eat his food?
 I don't know... seems to me like maybe you did!
 Who, me?
 Hah hah! Yep!
 Dinosaurs were giant ferocious lizards!
 They were a constant threat to everyone around them!  They were known to destroy human property with impunity!
 Dinosaurs were also known to destroy human LIFE with impunity!
 Yes indeed.  I'm experimenting with it.
 Yes, well- It seemed like a good idea at the time!
 Or should I say, it will have been seeming like a good idea at the time?
 Perhaps not!
 Hey, I wonder if I got any emails while I was out?
 Oh boy! Emails!
 What? No emails?!
 Dromiceiomimus, how come you never send me any emails?
 I want emails!
 But I already do!
 I sent you four surveys AND an email where if I forwarded it, some charity would get 3 cents AND a list I found of reasons why T-Rexes are better than Utahraptors (green is the new black!)
 Do you mean to imply that T-Rexes are not better than Utahraptors?
 Because if so, I would advise you to check your email!
 Hey, I wonder if I got any emails while I was out?
 Oh boy! Emails!
 What? No emails?!
 Dromiceiomimus, how come you never send me any emails?
 I want emails!
 But I already do!
 I sent you four surveys AND an email where if I forwarded it, some charity would get 3 cents AND a list I found of reasons why T-Rexes are better than Utahraptors (green is the new black!)
 Do you mean to imply that T-Rexes are not better than Utahraptors?
 Because if so, I would advise you to check your email!
 So the Rajasaurus down the street and I went out for dinner last night. It was great!
 It was an oppertunity for me to showcase my sparkling wit!
 For Instance: she mentioned how even though she had been raised outside of the Indian subcontinent by non-traditional parents, she still really liked indian food. 
 I put down my fork and said that was good, since anything she ate would be, by definition, Indian food!
 (She's Indian!)
 I know!
 That's the joke I made!
 Thanks!
 Hah hah!
 Okay!
 I'm Midtown High's only professional wallflower!
 Oh boy, a science demonstration! What's this, a spider?
 Ha ha, that's OK! While I HAVE recently gained the proportional speed and strength of a spider, not to mention my keen "spider sense&quot;, from now on I just look out for &quot;Number One&quot; - that means... ME!
 Save your breath, buddy!
 I've got things to do!
 Oh, I'm sure I'll learn that in time! For instance, if that thief went on to kill my Uncle Ben, then that moral would certai-
 - would certainly present itself...
Off-frame: What's the matter, T-Rex? You look down!
 I'm just fine!
 I said, "I'm fine!&quot;
 ...and so the REASON I 'look a little down' is that suddenly everybody's talking about me and acting so concerned for my feelings! It's unnerving and it makes me mad!
 I do that anyway; you know that!
 You heard right, my friend!
 Talking about it is what's made me angry!
 So, no!
 Homecare is when doctors or nurses visit you in your own home!
 While some feel this leads to better care and increased comfort for patients...
 ...others feel it places an unnecessary strain on our already-burdened hospitals and health care system!
Utahraptor: What's your opinion on the issue, T-Rex?
 I have none!
 I feel as though I haven't considered enough information in order to form a defensible point of view!
 FUCK homecare!
 I note that it is certainly windy out today.
 Holy cow!  We should go fly kites!
 Dromiceiomimus, want to go fly a kite with me?
 We'll make them!  All we need are some sticks, fabric, string, ingenuity!
 You do?
 Wow.  You know, you never cease to surprise me, my friend.  I thought I was breaking new ground by having an interest in kites, but here it turns out you have ample experience!
[[T-Rex is flying a kite while wearing an exuberant expression]]
 I've planted a garden around my house, and it is very pretty!
 Best garden ever, if I do say so myself!
 Do you have a garden, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: Yes I do, T-Rex!
 Is it nice, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: It's very nice, thank you, T-Rex!
 Glad to hear it, Dromiceiomimus!
 Aww, you wrecked it!
 We were playing a game! You were SUPPOSED to say my name at the end of each sentence.
T-Rex (thinking): Two days later, I would come to realise the truth of his words.
 !
 Oh boy!
 I bet I can figure out hundreds of hilarious differences!
 For instance: as a male, I can be impatient, sometimes to my own detriment! Notice how I destroy this house rather than walking around it.
 It is as if we are from two different planets!
 Yes, the two sexes certainly do have some hilarious differences!
 Hey!
 I can also pee standing up!
 "L'esprit d'escalier&quot; means, literally, &quot;the wit of the staircase&quot;!
 (It's French!)
 It refers to when you think of a witty comeback too late, and you've already left the room!
 Of course, this idea is largely alien to ME, as I'm never at a loss for a witty riposte!
 However, it seems for others, thinking of the perfect comeback hours, or even days later, is a more-than-rare occurrence.
Utahraptor: You've got a pretty high opinion of your wit, T-Rex!
 As usual!
 I would!
 Thanks!
 Sure thing, dude!
 Oh-kay!
 Damn it, it's too hard to find temple building materials!
 Ah, forget it! I was going to build a temple for God, but it's too hard. I will simply VIOLATE our VERBAL CONTRACT.
 Whoops!
 I had some companions over to my house last night and gave them a tour! It was a smashing success, except for one thing:
 Some of them thought that my rooms "lacked identity&quot;!
 When I (politely) pressed them to explain, they said that while the rooms were decorated nicely, they were decorated generically and little to off that was unique to me.
 A little miffed, a little peeved: a little upset!
 You haven't seen them?
 Well, do you want to come over now?
 I like the white!
 I declare this to be "stomp on houses&quot; day!
 Whoooo!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex!
 Hey there!
 I can't hear you!
 I have been wondering what it would be like if people could "save&quot; and &quot;restore&quot; their life, just like in a computer game.
 Things would be different!
 I predict every guy would, when he has his first sweetie break up with him, spend YEARS restoring to an earlier point, trying to find a way to get it to work!
 Additionally, I would use this power to save my game, tell people off, then restore!
 The only problem is everyone would always (eventually) have the perfect comeback!
 Sure they would!
 You know how sometimes you save at a bad point and it's half a second before you're going to die, and you keep restoring, but there's nothing you can do?
 Well, I guess you could just restore to an earlier save point.
 I have failed to prove my point!
 Okay - um, okay!
 "I - I've been awakened by nuclear testing!&quot; um
 "Rawr!&quot;
 "Oh boy, I see in the distance a villag- CITY that I can destroy!&quot;
 "Look out humanity! For I embody... um...
 Right, right! "LOOK OUT, humanity! I embody post-war nuclear paranoia!&quot;
 Was that okay?
 What? That was perfect!
Utahraptor: It was awful! Look, I know you're trying your best, and your my friend, T-Rex, but you didn't even memorize your lines!
 I did!
 WHAT
  I believe I shall take a brief repose to calm my agitated nerves!
  Ah, 'tis something soothing to discover yourself engaged in something you very much enjoy.
  Stomping for me is one such pass-time!
  What knavery?
  Why, we dined together just a fortnight ago, did we not?
  I remember it well; I had a disappointing dish of cuttlefish.
  Do you not recall how I remarked on my disappointment?
 It's the perfect plan!
 And so simple!
 whenever I don't want to face my problems, I'll send, in my stead, a cardboard cutout of myself!
 Ideally, he'll have an intense, yet thoughtful expression on his face. People will say, "Oh, I'd better just leave T-Rex alone: he's intense yet thoughtful!&quot;
 I do!
 [[thinking]] just a little closer...
 Credit card fraud is a growing problem in today's society!
 I believe the fault of this lies in the inherent design flaws of the credit card system.  If I give a credit card to someone, that should authorize one purchase, for a specific amount, at that specific time!  Instead, knowing someone's credit card information allows you to make charges to it for any amount, at any time, all over the world!
Utahraptor: This certainly is a lot of talk about credit cards!  Aren't there any more pressing issues, T-Rex?
 Like what?
 But I don't know how to solve that problem!  I do have opinions about the broken credit card infrastructure, however.
 It's my blessing and my curse!
Narrator: It is true that as a dinosaur, the T-Rex should have been inclined toward gnashing his ferocious jaws and making claws of his little hands, but he had been stomping on things for so long that no one remembered a time when he had gnashed instead of stomped.
 I wonder, are there any universes parallel to our own?
 A "mirror&quot; universe, if you will!
 But perhaps in this universe, different decisions were made. Choice piles upon choice, until the world is a strangely different place!
 It raises many philosophical questions!
 For instance: is there any true Self?
 What a brave new world it would be...
 Seriously?
 Noo! Don't do it!
 Two chicks at once!
 Hah hah! Awesome!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you think it's cool to do two chicks at once?
 Okay, it's cool to do two women at once!
 FINE.
 It's cool to do two non-gender-identified people at once.
 Then we're agreed!
 Hey ladies!
 Historically speaking, all I know are broad stereotypes! For instance, most people in the Middle Ages all wore dumpy clothes and spent all day hoeing.
 Now, I know that can't be accurate!
 What I need is some cultural context, but it seems like most of that is lost. What was it like living as a teenager 40 years ago? I have no idea! And anyone who did know has now grown up, so they don't REALLY know either, on account of memories altering over time.
 So much information is lost!
Utahraptor: It's the beauty of life, T-Rex! You can't really know anyone, even in the present, except for yourself!
 And that's beautiful?
 Hmm, I guess this is why people keep diaries: to fight against this inexorable loss!
 Too bad they lose!
 I have finally completed my theory of everything, toiling in selfless, unappreciated obscurity.
 Surely a little recognition is more than I could ever hope for!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I read your brilliant theory! It puts every other scientist to shame - indeed, all of dinokind!
 Thank you! I did only what came naturally to me.
Dromiceiomimus: You are so wise and modest, T-Rex! I hope I can be your friend forever.
Utahraptor: I'm the one who's been working against you in the faculty! Please accept my apologies, T-Rex!
 Well...OK! Let's hug!
 A Nobel Prize! You shouldn't have!
 I finally figured out how to gain the upper hand on that stupid utahraptor. I will adopt for my own the philosophy of pragmatism.
 From now on, I'll be sticking to things that WORK!
 For instance, some might say that the destruction of this log cabin violates fundamental principles. But if I were to show that it is a necessary means to a noble end, such arguments are revealed to be petty and ideological!
 Pragmatism!
 Similarly -
Utahraptor: T-Rex, stop! you cannot invoke pragmatism itself as an argument!
 According to your fancy logic, perhaps, but I happen to live in the REAL world.
 You're just jealous because you didn't think of it first!
 Disastrous events seem less horrible when they happen: a) As part of an ongoing process over time...
 b) To people we do not usually identify with, and...
 c) Far away!
 That's why we are shocked and horrified by a shoot-out at the local cafeteria, but barely bat an eyelid when we read in the paper that 20,000 Bangladeshi have drowned in the Pacific. It's just the way of things!
 Um, that's right. I was thinking of something else.
 Yeah! See?
 It's funny because it's far away!
 Today is a good day I think for stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp and eggs.
 Minus the eggs!
 Lovely stomp, wonderful stomp! Little house, how would you like a moderate dose of stompage today?
 Don't mention it!
 Stomp! Stomp!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Exciting news!
 Those pirates should have used more permanent structures for reference!
 Like TREES!
 I had the most disturbing thought today...
 By being true to yourself, you are forever derivative!
 Novice artists spend years looking for their "own voice&quot; only to find they've painted themselves into a corner or waited for a bus that never comes! And what of myself? Do I stomp tis house because I want to, or because I can't think of anything else?
 There! I did it again.
 To be free we must give ourselves up to being totally protean and chameleonic!
 Oh yeah?
 Maybe I'll expect a new format of rebuttal from you next time!
 Charles Babbage spent a lot of his time working on mechanical calculating engines!
 These were machines that could add and subtract, and later multiply and divide (through repeated addition and subtraction), forecasting in many ways the design of modern-day computers!
 Unfortunately the machines, with thousands of tiny gears and cogs, were too complex, beyond his means to fully manufacture at the time (early 1800s).
 While some see Babbage as the father of modern computers, he had little actual influence!
 Indeed!
 This concludes the brief history of Charles Babbage and his wonderful calculating engines!
 It's time to make some changes around here! Some things have been allowed to slide for too long!
 But rather than point out the failings of others, I will first endeavour to improve myself!
 Off improving myself!
Utahraptor: Really! So I'm talking to the new improved T-Rex?
 Yep! Ask me anything.
Utahraptor: Self improvement isn't a trivia context, T-Rex!
 Brussels!
 This contest doesn't even make sense in the first place.
 Sexual ambiguity!
 What's it all about?
 I mean - 
 Am I right?
 Hmm!
 Well - come on!
 SEXUAL ambiguity!
 What's it all about?
 Say "goodbye&quot; to your house, Dromiceiomimus! If you don't like it, you can LODGE a complaint... with my foot!
 Ha ha ha! 
 I love being bad - I mean I love being good! Because "bad&quot; is &quot;good&quot; to us! And by &quot;us&quot;, I mean the entire Universe.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, is that you?
 The Utahraptor?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you've got to stop the madness that seems to grip this Universe! There is another way to live: a way based on peace and mutual respect!
 Sweet!
 God! How's it going?
 Good to hear it!
 Yep! Things are pretty okay! So, um, any particular reason why we're talking?
Utahraptor: Somebody stole my bike, T-Rex!
 Oh no!
 Don't worry! God and I will help you look for your bike!
 He doesn't do that anymore!
 I have an idea for the ULTIMATE disaster movie: basically, what happens is the Earth stops dead in its orbit one day, and everybody flies into a wall!
 (Or, if they're outside, into the sky!)
 Hah hah!
 Best movie ever!
 So It'd be told in a series of shorts: each short starts a little before everybody flies into a wall, and ends with everybody flying into a wall.
 It would be SO GOOD! You start out small: regular people, a fat guy at a buffet, building up to a parking lot full of cars tumbling into the sky, the star quarterback kicking the ball and then he, and everybody else in the game, flying up after it.
 I know!
 No way! The viewers would know what's going on after the first few shorts, so you play off those expectations. Like, there's this shot of a really elaborate wedding, and the audience is all, "Oh man, all those people are going to fly into a wall SO HARD!&quot;
 And then we cut to years afterwards, when they're old and stooped, holding hands out on the porch, and THEN the Earth stops in its orbit and they fly off together into the sky!
 Hah hah! Two tickets, please!
 I submit that there are a finite number of songs! Therefore, the art of writing music is the art of exploring a closed space of possibility.
 Consider the following!
 There are effective limits on what constitutes music. If we take a week as a very generous upper-bound on the length of one song, then we have a temporal limit. Furthermore, since our ears are not able to distinguish between very similar tones, we do not have a continuum of notes, but rather, a finite set. Therefore, there are only so many songs that can be written!
 Surely not!
 Almost, but there are still effective limits, therefore: finite number of songs!
 Or are there?
 Computers store information in binary code, which is a series of 1s and 0s!
 In fact, ALL information in a computer - text, video, sound, even PORNOGRAPHIC IMAGES - are stores in the same fashion, as 1s and 0s. Here's the interesting part:
 Any series of 1s and 0s can be converted (quite easily) into a regular number! So, for instance, your favorite song is contained - quite literally - in one single, 4 million digit number.
 Quit right!
 You can't copyright a fact (like a number), but you can copyright a creative work, like a song or a piece of software. But since one can be transformed into another, copueight law is logically INCOHERENT.
 But, being really cool IS one of the perks of being a computer scientist!
 Okay, so we covered how everything in a computer is stored in binary code!
 And we covered how any series of binary digits (called bits) can be transformed into a number. But these numbers are really large! They take a long time to send to someone. Luckily, it's possible to send any number, and therefore any file of ANY size, using only two
 single
 bits.
 What?
 Well - yeah!
 Yeah, but there's more to being smart than knowing compression schemes!
[[Thought bubble]]  He knows the secret!!
 Okay, so I can accept that nobody applauds at the end of a film anymore.
 (Even though it is the classy thing to do!)
 But what is up with the staff coming in to clean up before the credits are even half over? That's just rude!
 I like them!
 It gives me time to think about the movie I just saw.
 This is why we can't see movies together!
 HEY!
 Stay away from women named "Susan&quot;!
 I like my women like I like my cars!
 Expensive!
 I like my women like I like my cars!
 Good one!  Um...
 Low-maintenance?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, this is insanely sexist!
 hee hee!
 Manageable?
 Eww!
T-Rex [[whispers]]: T- oh my gosh!
T-Rex [[whispers]]: I've lost my voice!
T-Rex [[whispers]]: This is a disaster! Dromiceiomimus, you have to help me!
T-Rex [[whispers]]: I let you guys talk! I am always interested in what you have to say!
 It's back!
 And, I've learned my lesson: always listen to others!
 I represented vanity!
 I've never seen the world, but that's going to change...
 ...today!
 Dromiceiomimus, I am going to go on a trip around the world. Would you like to be my "travelling companion&quot;?
 Ha ha! Little does she know!
 Little does the Dromiceiomimus know that I intend to show her the great vistas of the world, and by doing so, make her fall in love with me!
 Wait-
 It's been done before?
  The other day I heard a math joke that I just had to share!  So there's this party, right?
  A party of functions!
  All of the functions are there: e^x, (pi)r^2, i^2, even some old-school guys like abs(x).  Anyway, poor e^x is alone in a corner, acting all morose.  His good friend 2^x comes over and says, "What's the problem?  Come on, integrate yourself into the party!&quot; And e^x looks at him and he says, &quot;Why?  It's not going to make a difference!&quot;
  Hah hah!
  We are!
  I didn't know you liked math jokes!
  BOO!
  That's it!
  Friendship annulled!!
 Well, I hope wherever the Utahraptor ended up, he's alright.  Maybe he landed in a Universe just like ours, but where one simple thing has undergone a sinister - and illustrative - change!
 Or maybe he's travelled to the Universe of the Lesbains!
 But I guess no matter where he is, this is the end of our daily conversations...  I don't know what I'm going to do with the second half of my day if he's not around.
 *sigh*
Alternate Utahraptor: T-Rex?
 Utahraptor, it's you!  You're back from the alternate universe!  But... something's different...
 Prove it!
 *gasp*
 Dear recipient of this comic:
 Whoever sent this to you thinks you are great!
 Let's assume this person is a guy. Boy, does he ever like you! He likes you so much he lets someone else do his writing for him and uses pre-packaged sentimen-
 - But that's not the point.
 The point is, this card is to tell you that you are great.
 Nothing!
 Nope!
 Dear recipient of this comic, whoever sent this to you thinks you are great!
 "Life is a neoclassical pastiche&quot;!
 This is gold!
 Dromiceiomimus, would you agree that life is a neoclassical pastiche?
 Well, Dromiceiomimus, I think it's pretty clear.
 Ah, yes indeed! Life is a neoclassical pastiche, and I, a great philosopher.
 Oh yeah? Let's put it to the public, shall we?
 Somebody say yes!
 Lolita, light of my life!  Fire of my loins!  My sin, my soul!
 Ha ha, so seriously, I have a thing for 12-year-old girls.  I'm ashamed of it, and yet -
 - and yet, I certainly enjoy marrying widows in order to gain access to their pubescent daughters!
 Oh, but I love her, my Lolita!
 I love her SO MUCH that I never let her out of my sight and try to keep her locked in the house as much as possible!  AND, I deny her her allowance if she, in her childish way, won't give me certain favours.  My love for her is THAT POWERFUL.
 She ran away?!
 Another beautiful day: such nice sun, a fresh scent in the air, and I'm out for a walk!
 Yes indeed, it's good to be young!
 Hmm, but would it be better to be both young and in love.
 *sigh*
 Life is beautiful but sad sometimes!
 "Explore your feelings&quot;?  Shuck that jive, man!  Feelings are for sissies and the elderly!
 Whom, it's worth noting, I respect!
 Attracting women is easy!
 Personally, I rely on my rugged physique and piercing orange eyes (in which, because they are so deep and soulful, one feels they could drown), coupled with my delightful conversational skills and coquettish flair!
 True!
 In that case, I would advise them to meet women on the Internet.
 Yes!
 If you don't have the Internet, put up flyers around town!
 This weekend, I go on a trip! I trip DOWN SOUTH.
 Another friend of mine is getting married!
This will be my first heterosexual wedding. I'm excited! I got a nice card and everything!
 The only thing I'm worried about is the dancing. I have such big, manly feet that sometimes they get in the way!
 Oh, would you?
 Whoo!
 Thanks!
 Now all the pretty girls will want to dance with me for sure!
 Oh man... best wedding ever!
 And with my new dance moves, I "tore up the dance floor&quot;!
 I was - until you asked! Hmmm...
Utahraptor: So, T-Rex! How did it go?
 It went fine!
 But I'm beginning to suspect that the dance moves were in me all along!
 Are you sure? Cause I sure felt like I was the King of the Dance that night!
 To clarify, I meant to imply that the King of the Dance was self-taught!
 I should have mentioned that sooner; otherwise, my statement makes less sense.
 Genius; only I don't wear pants!
 You know that, God.
 Listen, God-
Utahraptor: T-Rex?
 Utahraptor, am I glad to see you! Listen can you explain to God that His joke would be funny if we wore pants, but we don't wear pants, so He can stop talking about it?
 Well?!
 Yes indeed!  If I were the last man on Earth...
 ...things would be different!
 Hi, I'm the last man on Earth!
 Would you say you and your girlfriends find that... attractive?
 Aww, why'd you do that?  I was imagining I was the last man on Earth!
 Heh.  Well, you know me!
 Always up to my old tricks!
 It's a real shame that all those great careers I wanted as a child will probably never come true for me. I'll never get to be an austronaut, a race car driver, or a movie star!
 It's a sad realization - I always sort of hoped such a job would just... fall into my lap!
Dromiceiomimus: Have you ever imagined what it would be like if you WERE a movie star, T-Rex?
 Sometimes! But I don't have a very good imagination for that sort of thing. What would I be, a romantic lead?
 Mostly I just insert myself into the commercials of my youth.
 Oh, that's original!
 I was your teachah!
 Bugsy... Brown
 I'm not as gullible as everybody seems to think I am. I know that the Utahraptor is not the one from my universe!
 I've got to rescue the real Utahraptor!
 But how? I don't really know how to do anything besides stomp on things. Maybe if he needed something stomped I could help!
 I could also contribute to a discussion re: philosophy.
 I'm torn!!
 I am sick of cold, emotionally distant women!
 That is: in theory!
 In practice, I guess I would need more experience with women, emotionally distant or otherwise.
 No!
Utahraptor: Well, who are you talking about then, T-Rex?
 Just - you know, in general! I wasn't talking about anyone in particular.
 Hi, Megan!
 Presentism is when you interpret the historical past with a view from the present!
 Its danger is not just that it is often self-congratulatory, but also that judging historical figures by present-day moral standards is likely not a fruitful line of inquiry. What we see as questionable (say, sexism!) would have seemed completely routine to someone brought up in such a time, and we can't really blame historical figures, I think, for not questioning it!
 Huh?
 Anyway! In conclusion, presentism has good points and bad points and is not as interesting as I thought it was!
 Stupid futurists!
 They think they're so great just because they talk about the future all day long. Ooh, look at me! I think that the future will have Internet robot nano-maids! Put me on the news!" Anyone can call themselves a futurist: it doesn't mean anything!
 Argh! I even hate the TERM "futurist&quot;!
Utahraptor: You, ah - you seem a little more vehement than usual, T-Rex!
 They pus my buttons, is all!
 I think it's because most of the predictions are either really dumb or blindingly obvious.
 Yeah... full of Internet robot nano-maids!
Narrator: HISTORIOGRAPHY COMICS featuring "Good Ol' T-Rex&quot;
 Historiography is the history of history, and includes the study of how history is understood!
 We tend to think that history is just a record of what goes on in the past, but this overlooks the fact that two different people can view the same event, and even the same series of events, differently.
 For instance!  Is history the story of progress, from savage to cultured Man?  Is it rather the study of Great Men and their Characters?  Perhaps it is the story of cultural challenge and response!
Utahraptor: What's with the sexist language, T-Rex?  You're all "great MEN, cultured MEN&quot;!
 Sorry!
 Most of these theories of history are over 50 years old, and reflect the sexism in the language at the time.
 I had to be careful not to let him know I'd considered this situation before.
 Ha ha!
 H-how do you mean?
 So - wait. What am I out for? I remember meaning to pick something up, but now I can't remember what!
 Was it batteries, maybe?
 Why am I here?
Dromiceiomimus: Well T-Rex, I think you're here - as I think we're all here - in order to make the world a better place. That is the purpose of life, I believe!
 I actually meant my question in the most basic sense, but I want to appear deep. I'd better act angsty and play along. 
 Oh, my existential angst! Is there no happiness without knowledge of purpose?
 Ha ha, yeah, that sounds good!
 So - heck. Batteries?
 Whoo!! Does anybody here like to party?
 Does anybody here like to STOMP on HOUSES?!
 If so, then I propose you join my party, featuring T-Rex! Whoo!
 Stomping on houses!
 Extreme!!
 As usual!
 Nope! My parties only ever go UP notches! They go all the way to the top! Extreme!
 EXTREME!!
 So, I accept that I am the epitome of the male form with typical grace. But what is with my getting a sunburn?
 Huh?
 Clearly, my body is UNDEREVOLVED. Being able to be burnt by the sun - which, I don't have to remind you, Dromiceiomimus, shines on the Earth EVERY DAY - seems to be a pretty big limitation!
 My brain rejects that sentence as semantically invalid!
 Oh no!
 I would be doomed to being a second-tier character in my own life! No one (including myself) would care what I was up to, when there was someone exactly like me only he didn't get sunburns!
 Aw boo!
 My favourite cross-cutting technique of all time?
 Why, the circle wipe!
 I can't get enough! All you have to do for comedic gold is have someone say "Boy, I sure hope &lt;x&gt; doesn't happen to me!&quot;
 Then we have a circle wipe to 8 hours later, and &lt;x&gt; has happened to them anyway! Ho ho! Whoops!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, what's your favourite cross-cutting technique of all time?
 G-
 I was just talking about my favourite cross-cutting technique of all time. ALREADY.
 ALREADY I had covered that material.
 ALREADY.
 Hm... maybe social relationships would be much easier if everyone said exactly what they were thinking!
 This gives me an idea! My idea is what I was just talking about!
 Sarcasm!
Utahraptor: I think she's got a point, T-Rex!
 You know, I figured you would!
 Oh yeah? Well, I think that maybe your MOM has something to offer!
 How is she, by the way?
 That's cool!
 I was down at the beach last week and there were all these adorable little hermit crabs running around!  They were so cute that I scooped up a bunch and brought them home!
 They were my new pets!
 But then after a while I got tired of my new pets so I gobbled them up!
 Tra la la!
 I gobbled them up!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, they're hermit crabs!  HERMIT crabs!  They live in whatever vessel they can find, and if you eat them, they'll take over your body as their new home!!
T-Rex's Stomach: NO WE DIDN'T
 I see you've rebuilt your house! Too bad I'm the personification of its destruction... in a MANOR of speaking!
 Ha ha ha! Two in a row!
 Yes, house-themed puns come courtesy of me, the Evil T-Rex!
 Youuuutahraptor!
 Oh Youuutahraptor!
 I was just wondering if it bothers you when I senselessly step on people.
 Oh, that's too bad!
 Cause here I go!
Utahraptor: God damn you, Evil T-Rex!
 Sry people for not updateing lately!!!
 I haven't updated in awhile, mainly because my puter has been annoyingly slow. I need to ask my 'rents to buy me a new one!
 neway not much is new with me.... i really need to go out more... worried i might be in a rut...
 *big big hugs* THANK YOU!!!!! :)
 I sometimes make that mistake too.
 Fatalism is when - ah, screw it!
 I'm sure if you were meant to know about fatalism, you'd find out about it eventually. In any case, fatalism is the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time and are entirely unalterable!
 Oh my God!
 It was FATE! I was destined to define fatalism as the belief that future events are predetermined for the whole of time, and are entirely unalterable!
 OH MY GOSH! Is this my role in life? Am I to be forever DEFINING FATALISM?
 Looks like nope!
 I feel about the same.
 Luckily, everything else in the universe has shrunk to the same scale!
 CRAZY
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Don't stomp on her!
 good pronoun use!
 Well, I guess I'll talk to you yesterday! See you... SOONER?
 My comic has a slightly different ending...?!
 I have written the spookiest ghost story ever! It is called, "The Man Who Died And Came Back As A Ghost&quot;.
 It's spooky! It says so in the first sentence!
 It says, "It was spooky night, with a ghost! The ghost was the spookiest ghost in the world, and he was so spooky that if you saw him you'd be scared, for real!&quot;
 The, um
 The next paragraph is "BOO!&quot;
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you have to make your readers feel scared! You just can't tell them they're scared.
 Sure I can!
 "The ghost explains that even if you were just reading about these events later, you'd still be scared. You realize with a chill that he is right.&quot;
 It is now! It is if that's the format I have to use to tell my readers that they're scared!
 Turn to page 32 to be spooked by the spooky ghost! Turn to page 14 if you'd rather see the same ghost and be TERRIFIED!
 I'm Bill S. Preston!
 Esquire!
 Thanks to Rufus' excellent time-travelling telephone booth, we can travel to any time period! Thus, Ted and I are gathering some ancient history dudes so that we don't fail on our MOST BOGUS history report!
 Whoah - historical BABES!
 Party on, Ted!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: WYLD STALLYNS!
 Be excellent to each other!
 Time to visit all my wacky friends!
 Oh hey, Dromiceiomimus, my wackiest of wacky friends! What are you up to? Some crazy scheme, no doubt!
 Ha ha! That's WACKY.
Utahraptor: T-Rex!!
 Utahraptor!
 YOU, I think, are surely my wackiest of friends! What news?
 Certainly! But I warn you: a school burning down?
 Pretty wacky!
 Huh? God, my friends aren't crazy. Crazy's insane. My friends are WACKY.
 Wacky.
 Probably not, cause they're wacky!
 Why? Lets get this crazy/wacky issue settled first.
 God! FINE.
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex, I've a favor to ask! Can you tell me when seven minutes have passed?
 "Okay!&quot;
 Seven minutes have passed.
 You could have timed this yourself! I guess this is kind of an unnecessary favor.
 No I don't!
 I'm going to write a great novel! It will be about one man's struggle to make a life for himself in the modern world, and it will be wonderful. He will achieve all he desires, and be at the peak of his career!
 And then, in the last sentence, a filing cabinet says "You're fired, and I can talk!&quot;
 Hah hah! Best ending ever!
 Didn't you hear the ending? A talking filing cabinet? "You're fired, and I can talk!&quot;?
 Hee hee!
 No!
 It RECONTEXTUALIZES the book. People will be like, "I thought this book was transcendental until that last sentence when the talking filing cabinet showed up!&quot;
 Nope! It's just a talking filing cabinet that undermines the whole book.
 I will call the book, "An Unexpected Ending&quot;.
 Are you there, God? It's me, -
 You know, not much!
 I was just wondering if you'd heard any good jokes lately.
 Really? You haven't heard ONE good joke?
 Maybe even a joke that was just alright?
Utahraptor: T-Rex?
 Oh, I was just chatting up God to see if He had any good jokes - but no dice!
 Come to think of it, yeah! I bet He'd do something lame like making all of the Universe the joke or something!
The night started cold - Too cold, and it got colder: A night for murder.
 Alright everyone! There's no need for any more haiku: the art form has peaked!
 This is because I've just composed the Perfect Haiku. It has intrigue, a cold night, and perhaps, a hint of gunplay?
 truly, the best haiku ever. To Japan!
 Huh?
 Oh I disagree! As you are clearly wr-ong, And I am quite right!
 But what to do...
 ... for a SEQUEL??
 Rebuilt again, eh? I'll have to make a note of that, in my LOGS!
 Ha ha ha!
 Wait... does that even make sense?
 Ah, who cares! The Utahraptor's been having a bad time here, and I'm to credit! I wonder how long he'll stay?
 (I can't wait till he finds out I replaced his toothpaste with a COMPETING BRAND OF TOOTHPASTE!)
Utahraptor: Goodbye, Evil T-Rex! I'm returning to my own Universe!
 No, wait!
 Stay!
 Brush your teeth!
 And you say NOBODY had goatees?
 Huh! Well, tell you what. I'll stomp on her first, then you go, OK?
 If there's one thing I know...
 ... it's women!
 Isn't that right, Dromiceiomimus? Wouldn't you agree that I have an uncanny understanding of the female gender?
 Come now, don't be shy!
 But why? It's clearly TRUE.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, your relationships with women have been characterized by confusion and misunderstanding and briefness, and AWKWARDNESS, as far as I can tell!
T-Rex (thinking): In truth, I had only the loosest grasp on female anatomy, but I'd take that secret to my grave.
 Nuh-uh!
 I have faith in random developments of chance of a potentially divine nature. From where do you hail?
 You attractive individual!
 I have faith in what may appear to be miraculous occurrences, Since you entered my immediate locale,
 You attractive individual.
 During the previous diurnal cycle, I counted myself among the ranks of the lonely! Now you're lying in quite close proximity.
 Engaging in intercourse!
 Dear recipient of this comic:
 It isn't working out!
 Maybe it's not you, it's me! MAYBE there were many small things that added up to this relationship not working.
 I don't know. This card isn't very personalized.
 Come to think of it, I'd be pretty pissed if someone broke up with me like this!
 Too true!
 I think whoever is being dumped here is better off without this person!
 Dear recipient of this comic: You're better off without this jerk!
 I would still like to hear about the sex, however!
 I've gotten a new pet dog!
 Hooray!
 My last pet dog ran away because I never fed him. But THIS new dog I'm sure to feed every day!
Dromiceiomimus: That's very resp - actually, T-Rex, that's exactly as responsible as you should be.
 I know this now!
Utahraptor: What's your new pet's name, T-Rex?
 It's also his description!
 I named him, "The Angriest Dog In The World&quot;.
 He's LIVID, man! He's TENSE. Bound so tightly with tension and anger, he approaches the state of rigor mortis!
 Good listener, though!
 naked people
 Hot!
 Dromiceiomimus, what's your opinion on people who are naked?
 I would be forced to agree with you my good lady!!
 Hott!!
 naked people
 Hot!
 Dromiceiomimus, what's your opinion on people who are naked?
 I would be forced to agree with you my good lady!!
 Hott!!
 Okay! So, we get a couple - no! - a polyamorous CROWD of people, who all want to have a child, but who are all infertile. So! Then we get a donated fertilized egg...
 ... and bring it to term with a surrogate mother who is herself married!
 THEN, you give the child to the polyamorous crowd, who have new members replace old ones quickly and quite often. Um, infinitely often.
 THAT'S, I think, how you get a child with the highest number of people who could possibly claim parentage. Tada!
 How's that?
 I haven't ruined any lives! The kid has like bazillion parents: think about his birthday!
 PRESENTS
 If you ever find your consciousness (your self) sent back in time to a much younger you, there are some changes to be expected! Remember: 
 It can be frustrating to live out your life again!
 But - there is hope. Small changes compound into large ones, and soon you will be encountering situations that you don't recall.
 If you're going to impress by making predictions about the immediate future you should do so early on! They may become increasingly inaccurate. 
 Quite so!
 This is why (if you've gone back into your own life far enough) using words and knowledge that are far beyond your means can help impress upon people the truth of your story.
 Anyway!
 Enjoy being 6!
 Phew, it was all a dream!
 The mission to find the treasure, the car chase: all a dream!
 My high school math teacher naked and smiling: all a dream!
 That bizarre thing with the Utahraptor that I don't want to talk about: all a dream!
 It was nothing: just a crazy dream!
 You must have had crazy dreams before!
 Crazy sexual!
 I've said too much!
 So a friend of mine got a cell phone!
 I know!
 I'm of the belief that some businessmen who are never in the office could really use them, but that most people don't REALLY need one. Therefore, they are allowed to be teased by me!
 Ho ho! They are allowed to be teased by me whenever they use their phone, even if it's in an emergency!
 Right!
 It was going to be really good, though! I was going to call really early. I would have said, "DO YOU LIKE YOUR CELL PHONE NOW??&quot;
 "HELLO&quot;
 Huh?
 Why not?!
 You do?
Utahraptor: Who are you talking to, T-Rex?
 God, again!
 He was just telling me that I shouldn't make fun of people with cell phones, because He has a cell phone too!
 Huh!  What DOES God need with a cell phone?
 Friends?!
 I had a friend (female) who dated her roommate (also female).
 Lesbians!
 Of course there's always a danger when you go down the 'date-the-person-you-live-with' road.
 They broke up a week later and still had to live together.
 !
 I was his roommate.
 The presence of the evil Utahraptor in this Universe has raised the very philosophical questions I had earlier been concerned about!
 For instance!
 Can the two Utahraptors be considered the same person? Is the evil one just the result of some decision made differently?
 Are the actions of one the restrained impulses of the other, or are they really two different individuals?
 Could one, in time, become the other?
 Additionally, -
Utahraptor: T-Rex! It's me - I'm back!
 Utahraptor! It's you!
 Hey!
 I lived in your house while you were gone!
 I ATE SOME FOOD
 Alright! New novel: done! This one is a romance, and is called:
 "Pretzels In A Lady's Lap&quot;!
 It's named after a particularly striking scene from the book! We're at a party, and a young man accidentally spills pretzels, as he walks by, into the titular Lady's lap! She looks up: eyes meet, bosoms - on both sides - heave, passions smoulder, and, perhaps... romance blossoms?
 Dude!
 I've always found them to be pretty sensual.
 Really? Huh! Nobody else finds pretzels stimulating?
 Well, this has been quite the anagnorisis (a moment of recognition or discovery)!
 Young parents!
 What's the deal?
 How come they want to have kids so quickly?  Don't they want to live a hedonistic adult-child lifestyle, like mine, for just a little longer?  
 I don't understand!  Marriage?
 Huh?
 MAYBE, but how come I don't want that?  I want all the cool things!
 Also: how come my bed is so cold and empty at night?
 Time to go on a wacky adventure, which would be quite amazing to an imaginary third pary with the ability to see my actions rendered as a continuous narrative!
 Whew!!
  Kick ass!
 Well, that was pretty much the best adventure ever! Do you recall when we got trapped in that mine that was filling up with water very quickly?
 Yes, it was quite amazing!
Utahraptor: Congratulations on publishing a book of your story, T-Rex!
 Thanks!
Utahraptor: Congratulations on your book becoming the entire world's Global Narrative and Shared History, T-Rex!
 It was unexpected but gratifying!
 So!
 What's left?
 I wonder, did growing up in a small town influence my values?
 Perhaps!
 Though, I think, not as much as I would have liked it to. Sometimes I feel like I cling to my small-town origins as a substitute for a real identity.
 Yeah!
 You know, a certain touch of naivet?, a wonder at the accoutrements (subways, etc) of modern city living...
T-Rex's Memoirs: Years later, I would reflect on this exchange, and find in it so much of what I missed from that time.
 Ah, those were the days!
T-Rex's Memoirs: It made me feel certain that, had I an old La Salle at the time, it would have ran great.
  I can never let my father, whom I have a close relationship with, know my shameful secret!  I never - 
  *choke*
  I never meant to kill my best friend!
  It was my first time drinking, and I thought that I was good to drive!
  *choke*
  No!
  Yes!
  I drank and drove tonight and I killed a man and last week I kinda date raped my date and I'm gay and I also am involved in a teen pregnancy!
  Oh, Dad!
  And... SCENE!
 I wonder what the future holds!
 Hmm...
 Whoo! Civilization's destroyed!
 Whoah!
 That was like - a grim, dystopian vision!
 A vision... of TOMORROW!
 That's because I am troubled!
 I just tried imagining what the future will be like, but what I saw was a world destroyed! And... I seemed excited about it!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, it's just a daydream! Don't worry about it.
 Okay, but if civilization is destroyed, you and I will have words!
 ANGRY words!
 I'm just sayin'!
 Woohoo! Sex Advice!
 Our first letter comes from me!
 I write, " Dear  I love your show. I have a question, sex? Huh? What's the deal?&quot;
 Wow! Thanks for your letter, "T&quot;!
 You answer your question I-
 May you what?
 Hey! It's MY sex advice show! Get your own!
 Awww cinnamon!
 So! Generalizations!
 I don't understand them!
 For instance, after being bit by three tigers, I'd start to generalize that maybe I shouldn't poke tigers, because then they'll bite me. But if I happened to meet three jerky citizens of a town, the same process could make me conclude that everyone there is mean! Or worse: what if I started generalizing across races? I'd be a big ol' racist!
 Yeah, that's true!
 But I guess what bothers me is that it seems you determine whether or not a generalization is valid by evaluating its conclusion, which in turn is based on your own prejudices!
 You mean the "dinosaur factor&quot;, of course!
 We're talking dinosaurs!
 Down with money!
 We don't need it!
 We can just return to our utopia of old, before money turned us all into greedy, money-obsessed, quasi-people!  Right, Dromiceiomimus?  Right! Money is an aberration that lessens us all!  We don't need it!
 And...?
 I guess you could say your remarks are. . . RIGHT ON THE MONEY?
 Ho ho!  Five stars!  Also, I value our friendship.
 Social Skills are very important things to have!
 They are what allow us to get along with others, and are the foundation of society!
 With the invention of the "#8220;internet&quot;#8221; and &quot;#8220;email&quot;#8221; and &quot;#8220;instant messaging software&quot;#8221;, people are more social than ever &quot;#8211; and this increased chance for communication leads to better social skills! Hooray!
 Doesn"#8217;t matter!
Unnamed: T-Rex?
 Smile and wave and back away"#8230;
 Oh oh...
 Sounds like another emotional roller coaster...
 And here we go!
 I have much to offer a potential mate! I am big and strong and oh so sexy!
 If only I could find someone, preferably in my own neighbourhood, to be my companion and also to have sex with!
 Why, hello!
 I notice you are attractive!
 Care to put our emotional stability on the line in exchange for a chance at happiness?
 So...
 *sob*
 Alone again.
 Ah, do I ever love the broad stereotypes of cultures!
 Do I ever!
 They're like generalizations across races, only socially acceptable!
 Dromiceiomimus, did you know that Latin women are passionate and fiery?
 And British men are cultured and maybe a little stuffy!
Utahraptor: Well what's the stereotype that applies to you T-Rex?
 Oh, there isn't one!
 My people and I don't fit into your boxes, man
 Heck yes! I'm largely in favour of it!
 I say largely because I like to keep my options open. Anyway!
 Passionate Latin women?
 Here I go, Here I go, here I go again!  Girls, what's my weakness?
 Men!
 ok then, chillin', chillin', mindin' my business
 Yo, Salt, I looked around, and I couldn't believe this: I swear, I stared, my niece my witness!  The brother had it goin' on with somethin' kinda... UH!
 Thanks, mom!
 I had the strangest dream last night! There was this disease going around that made people really - violent, I guess?
 Anyway, it affected these two women who I guess lived at my house!
 It was really creepy, because these women would SEEM fine, but then they'd just keep trying to get close to me, no matter what I did. They wanted to kill me!
 No I'm not! It's just that dreams always sound really symbolic when they're described, that's all!
 I don't!
 It was a DREAM I had. Just cause I dreamed it doesn't mean I believe it!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, is it sexist in here, or is it JUST YOU?
 What? No! It's not sexist in here!
 It's not me!
 When is something uncool enough to be COOL again? Is there someone who decides one day that California Raisins shirts are back in vogue?
 Well I ju--
Dromiceiomimus: ...T-Rex?
 Whew!  What a fantastic nap!
 It seems I just had a snooze... and didn't lose!
 Ho ho!  Did you hear that, Dromiceiomimus?  I had a snooze... and didn't lose!
Dromiceiomimus: Yes!  Very clever, T-Rex.
 Because normally people say "You snooze, you lose&quot;, but in my case I didn't lose anything!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, no matter what you do, you lose!  Economics teaches us that there is an opportunity cost for every action.
 That's stupid, and since when did we start personifying social sciences?
 My friend, I am simply asking the questions that need to be asked!
  New theory:
  Emotions are for the weak!
  Wouldn't you agree, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus:  But I like emotions, T-Rex!  I like feeling happy and content and loved!
  Okay, new theory:  BAD emotions are for the weak!
  Fine!
  New theory:  Emotions?
Utahraptor:  That's not really a theory, T-Rex.
  I've said my goodbyes!
 Indeedy! Now everything I say will be the truth!
 The path to enlightenment is truly through homemade drugs!
 Go ahead, Dromiceiomimus! Ask me anything!
 Twenty. Oh my gosh; it works!
 No way dude!
 I'm afraid you'll ask me some personal questions (of a sexual nature) that I don't want to answer! Wait, what the hell? This was supposed to be a truth serum, not a VOLUNTEER INFORMATION serum!
 I've recently discovered the joys of sleeping naked, by the way! Don't listen to me!!
 I wrote some fan fiction last night!
 I know!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex, most fan fiction  has characters from TV and movies acting implausibly in implausible situations, and also kissing each other!  Does - does yours?
 Perhaps!  There are many twists and turns and revelations in my exciting non-canon tale, Dromiceiomimus!
 No show!
 It's actually - surprise! - UTAHRAPTOR and DROMICEIOMIMUS fan fiction!
 Indeed I did, good sir! And may I just say, "smoochie smoochie&quot;? Hah hah!
 (You kiss in my story!)
 Powerful images for the passage of time: 
 A clock's hands, sweeping past 12!
 A sped-up landscape scene, with urban growth and decay happening in mere seconds!
 An old woman holding aged lace and gazing at a faded photograph of herself, posing in her prettiest dress!
 Ooh, good one!
 I think my favorite was the old lady with the photograph of herself.
 That's true.
 I certainly don't know much about menopause, though!
 Nice: I love you!
 Creepy: I love you so hard!
 Adding "hard&quot; after phrases that don't normally have &quot;hard&quot; after them can give an interesting effect! I like it!
 Hard!
 So?
 There's nothing wrong with appreciating the work of somebody else!
 Ha ha! What a silly thing to say!
 Because that would be plagiarism, and plagiarism is wrong!
 Now, to change the subject, isn't today election day somewhere?
 POLITICS, huh?
Narrator: You have arrived in the time of the dinosaurs! Looking around, you see a large green T-Rex. He seems excited!
Narrator: You see the T-Rex, stomping a house. There is a Dromiceiomimus here.
Narrator: The T-Rex chases you. Be careful! There is a Utahraptor here.
 What is the meaning of life? By this I mean, how should I best live my life?
 More concretely: what can I do NOW that is meaningful and justified and purposeful and justified and purposeful and not - pointlessly absurd?
 I know, Dromiceiomimus I know! But I'm sick of that being used as an excuse.  I am demanding BIG ANSWERS. There must be some way to arrive at a solution!
Utahraptor: I don't know if there is, T-Rex!
 Well - I have an idea.
 Okay: so I don't know what the meaning of life is; fine.  But, I do know that others MIGHT. So, inductively, the only thing I can do is try to make life easier for these other people, until such a time that they figure it out and let me know!
 Hah!
 What?
 Allo bonjour!
 Moi, je suis un dinosaure!
 Je suis un dinosaure EXTRAORDINAIRE! Je suis grand et vert.
 J'aime des choses et d'autres choses!
 Ah oui?
 C'est quelque chose incroyable, ca!
 Ne me mange pas, s'il vous plait!
 Ah, merci bien, monsieur!
 J'aime toi et des choses et d'autres choses!
 I'm sick and ornery! I just want to be left alone today, so give me my distance!
 With this in mind, I'm going for a walk!
Dromiceiomimus: Haven't we gone over this before? Declaring yourself to be angry doesn't excuse personal responsibility, T-Rex!
 Forget it, Dromiceiomimus! I don't want to hear anyone's voice all up in my earhole!
 Well, yesterday I seemed to annoy my friends with my choice of the oddly-obscene word "earhole&quot;. Excuse me!
 Sheesh, I was just being myself!
 But there's a rude side to me too! It's who I am!
 So you're implying that society serves a useful purpose, by encouraging me to be - nice? Polite?
 HEY I HOPE YOU GUYS CAN HEAR ME BECAUSE I'M PERFECTLY HAPPY UP HERE! EAAAAARHOOOOOLE
 Okay!
 So you've got lots of countries, right?  Only, you can dismiss about 90% of these, since they don't really affect the agreed-upon "world scene&quot;.
 So then you've got this small collection of countries that make all the news!  World politics is how these countries relate to one another, and, internally, to themselves.
 How so?
 Man, you're nerding up the place!  I don't need to hear this talk about "applying adjectives&quot;.
 To make up for THAT, I'm going to have to spend the rest of the day talking about women I've had the opportunity to kiss!
 It's much more interesting than world politics was anyway.  It's got women!  Women in the mood to KISS!
 Ah, long-forgotten childhood friends!
 I miss them! Sure, we were probably a little petty and -- well, kids, but it feels like those friendships were somehow simpler... more pure!
 I wonder what all my old friends are up to now... I haven't seen most of them since grade five!
 You did?
 Oh my goodness! The little red-scaled dinosaur? How is she?
 Oh, wow! Did she mention me at all?
 I used to hide in the bushes outside her house!
 Ah, long-forgotten childhood friends!
 I miss them! Sure, we were probably a little petty and -- well, kids, but it feels like those friendships were somehow simpler... more pure!
 I wonder what all my old friends are up to now... I haven't seen most of them since grade five!
 You did?
 Oh my goodness! The little red-scaled dinosaur? How is she?
 Oh, wow! Did she mention me at all?
 I used to hide in the bushes outside her house!
 Does "Betty put butter on the bread&quot; mean the same thing as &quot;Betty buttered the bread&quot;?
 I would argue: no!
 In the second example, there is an implication that the bread is wholly buttered, while in the first, this is not necessarily the case! And this applies not just to butter: there are many other examples.  For instance, "Gary wrote for many TV shows&quot; leaves open the possibility of a co-author on the scripts, a possibility that &quot;Gary wrote many TV shows&quot; does not!
 Yes!
 Agreed.
  Whoo! It's cool to be cool!
  And I'M the coolest!
  This guarantees me POPULARITY.  Who would not like to hang out with someone who's the coolest?  The answer is no-one!
  Yep!
  I'm experimenting with it.  They say that women like a man with confidence, so I will be the most confident man ever!
  Sucks for them! They won't get any of my SWEET DINOSAUR KISSING.
  Guess who kissed two ladies at the same time yesterday?
  If you guessed "T-Rex&quot;, you are CORRECT!
  Woo-hoo!  That's Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 1 checked off!  Now I can move on to Stereotypical Male Fantasy Number 2 at my earliest convenience!
  Really?
  I'm surprised!  You don't have any idea?
  Well YEAH, but it's the specific nature of the improbable actions that matters!  Remember?
  We had this discussion after I showed you my "One day lots of people have sexy sex&quot; erotic fiction.
 Time to fix all my relationship issues with my girlfriend, Kayleigh, by going back in time...
 ...using the power of my MIND!
 Shit!
 Huh?
 Oh well! I can fix THAT!
 Sheesh!
 Darn it!
 THIS time...
 That's okay!
 Pay attention, now!
 The circuit satisfiability problem is determining if there are some inputs that make the outputs of a circuit "true&quot;!
 A closely related problem is the formula satisfiability problem, SAP, which can be mapped one-to-one, and in linear time, to the circuit satisfiability problem.
 If we can solve SAT problems in f(n) time, then circuit-SAT can be solved in 0(n) + f(n) time!
 Indeed. Therefore, SAT is as "hard&quot; as circuit-SAT.
 Similarly hard problems are "Clique&quot;, &quot;Vertex-Cover&quot; and the Travelling Salesman Problem.
 Solving these problems (P) can be accomplished in polynomial time!
 Verifying solutions (NP) can also be done in polynomial time!
 The question is... does P = NP?
 "This too shall pass!&quot;
 Hah hah hah!
 Isn't that right, Dromiceiomimus?  Wealth and power and knowledge and love and friendship are all fleeting and pointless!  Whoo!  One day will we all be dead!
 That too shall pass!
Utahraptor: Normally the saying is only applied to BAD things, T-Rex!
 It applies to all things!
 Man, I'm not trying to get invited to any weddings!
 Ouch!
 For me!
 Today I am talking about the made-up desease "ryoma&quot;, and there are many kinds of ryoma one can contract!
 Festering ryoma, for instance!
 Eww!
 Creeping ryoma.
 Salacious ryoma!
 MEPHITIC OCULAR RYOMA.
 I know! It's amazing!
 Ryoma doesn't even exist, and yet it's the most disgusting desease ever.
 "As we kissed, I could taste the ryoma on her lips.&quot;
T-Rex and Utahraptor: Ewww!
 The manliest thing in the world? Easy!
 Wastin' food!
 Oh man, imagine a guy who orders a big steak dinner with all the fixings, and then when it's delivered, he just flips it onto the floor!
 That would be one tough dude! I would rate him, "Super Manly&quot;.
 It just is!
 It captures the ESSENCE of masculinity: doing stuff that we think is cool, even though there's many a good reason not to do it!
 Like friggin' draining a lake, filling it with Sloppy Joes, and then spraying the whole thing with pesticides!
 And piloting the crop duster PERSONALLY. I tell you, wasting food: the manliest thing in the world!
 That and punchin' stuff!
 I wonder: are we actually making progress?
 (Where "we&quot; refers to the general population, of course!)
Dromiceiomimus: How do you mean, T-Rex?
 Well - what about philosophy, for instance? We've had thousands of years to think about what it means to be alive, yet we're still no closer to an answer! Where's the progress when we're still grappling with the same questions as the ancients?
 I do!
 Self-justification from philosophers who can't reach a conclusion, my friend! I want ANSWERS, not debate! I want a one sentence SUMMARY of LIFE.
 Yeah, only catchier and more informative!
 And less depressing!
 I hope I never get BURIED ALIVE!
 Yep, that sure would suck!
 Boy, would I ever hate to be buried alive. I can't think of anything I'd dislike more! I mean - damn! Buried alive!
 Like what?
 Woah, is that what I sound like? Oh my gosh! I don't want to get buried alive at ALL!
 I thought stressing that fact would make it clear, but apparently NOT. I drop the subject now! But don't forget! No burying T-Rex alive!
 So, I'm not really comfortable with the fact that my mind is actually something physical.
 It implies that everything I am, everything I think, can be altered!
 It's scary! Some people who suffer brain damage can have their entire personality rewritten. Heck, add some chemcials and you can alter how and what a person thinks!
 That's crazy!
 Crazy!
 It really does.
 You know what freaks me out the most, though? It's those remote control cyborg cockroaches they've made by pretty much taking over the animal's nervous system. I can just imagine the insect screaming endlessly in it's mind as its own body is made alien.
 Anyway, that was sort of tangential! Getting back to the subject: isn't it CRAZY that our minds are something physical!
 What a good mood I am in today!
 I declare: high fives all around!
 Hey Dromiceiomimus!  Give me a thigh five!
 What?  Whoah, I meant to say "A high five&quot;, of course!
 Oh man.  What an embarrassing slip of the tongue!  I have to go now!
 What the heck?  A thigh five?  Where did that even come from?
 Oh, hey Utahraptor.  DID YOU KNOW that I just accidentally asked the Dromiceiomimus to give me a thigh five?
 My friend, thigh fives are a ridiculous way of expressing enthusiasm.  I am aware of this!
 This is not the issue here!
 I hope I don't run into the Dromiceiomimus today!  She probably thinks I'm crazy since I asked for a "thigh five&quot; the last time we met.
 Oh shoot, there she is!  Time to go INCOGNITO!
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex, what's up?  Out for a walk, I see?
 T-Rex?  Who es T-Rex?  I am a different, um, Tyrannosaurus Rex.
Dromiceiomimus: Hah hah, really?  You're not the T-Rex who demands thigh fives from his friends?
 Darn it!
 She remembers!  I'll never live this down!
 People laugh at typos in heaven?!
 I've come to accept that I will be able to live down anything I do, given enough time!
 So: no worries!
Dromiceiomimus: That's a healthy attitude, T-Rex! It'll let you explore things you otherwise might not, because you won't be worried about what others think!
 Exactly! I am a well-adjusted dinosaur.
 Sure! What's up?
 Of course! "Social Constraints Serve A Useful Purpose&quot;!
 I remember from the trial!
 I just discovered that I can get digital prints for only 29 cents!
 Did you know that you can now get digital prints for only 29 cents? This will change the world!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, that service has been available for a while now.
 B-B-But... 29 cent prints!
 Hey there Utahraptor! Have I ever told you that you're a prints among men?
Utahraptor: And let me just say: thanks, T-Rex!
 A 29 cents prints, that is!
 Still! Burnsauce!!
 Today is my favourite day of all!
 April Fool's Day!
 Chief among my loves is the love of tricking people! I bet I can totally fool the Utahraptor today.
 I feel certain the opportunity will present itself.
 here he comes!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex!
 Hey! Don't try to trick me.
 Sorry, I'm busy.
 April Fool's!
 The craziest thing happened to me yesterday!
 It was the CRAZIEST!
 It was so crazy, I don't feel comfortable talking about it.
 No thank you! It was too CRAZY.
 My friend, it was so crazy it was OFF THE HOOK.
 I know!
 As I say, it's analogous to leaving one's phone off the hook.
 Hmm...
 Yep, it's certain! I can find NO DOWNSIDES with being immortal.
 That's okay! Come on: living forever? I could do anything! I could do EVERYTHING - twice!
 Could that happen?!
 But then, where would I be getting my energy from?
 Hmm... I guess the idea of immortality DOES clash with the scientific principles of conservation of energy. 
 And so, once again, I am forced to reject a fantasy because it is based on bad science! 
 (Science means that not all dreams can come true!)
 You know those early photographs?  The silent, gloomy, sepia-toned ones?
 They're so sad!
 What gets me every time is the faces of people I'll never meet, people long dead, trying not to move as they stare into that early camera lens... but what ESPECIALLY always gets me are the faces of the people who did move.  This was for some the only time their face would be recorded, and they happened to shift.
 That's so sad!  That's profoundly sad!
 Kind of!  But I think what affects me the most if the idea of someone coming that close to achieving at least a type of immortality, and then losing it to something as natural and ordinary as glancing away.
 It does indeed!  It makes me want to go home and sit, alone and sober, in a darkened room.
 Whoooo!
 Man, I've always wanted to travel to the future!
 Always!
 It would be SO COOL to see how things work out. Wouldn't you agree, Dromiceiomimus?
 Also, I'd take back future technology with me and claim it as my own invention.
Utahraptor: You can't do that, T-Rex!
 Says you!
 A paradox!
 There's nothing funny about paradoxes.
 Tonight I am going to bed early.
 Sweetness!
 More sleep for me!
 Hey Dromiceiomimus, what time are you going to bed tonight?
 Cause I'm going to bed early tonight!
 Me! Early!
 Word has it right!
 What are you talking about? It's cool to get a good night's sleep!
 what?
 It's cool to get a good night's sleep!
 Hmm...
 *sigh*
 Maybe I should just accept that I'll never be on the cover of a magazine!
 Because it means you're famous!
 Hey! Yeah! I'll make my own magazine! AND it'll be my magazine for TEENS!
[[T-Rex is pictured on the cover of his magazine, entitled "teen magazeen.&quot; The subtitles on the cover read: &quot;friends with benefits: pretty hot&quot;, &quot;are you fully aware of sex? maybe not?&quot;, &quot;special feature: stories where people lose their pants and are thus embarrassed&quot;, and &quot;PLUS: understanding europe&quot;.]]
 Hmm...
 *sigh*
 Maybe I should just accept that I'll never be on the cover of a magazine!
 Because it means you're famous!
 Hey! Yeah! I'll make my own magazine! AND it'll be my magazine for TEENS!
[[T-Rex is pictured on the cover of his magazine, entitled "teen magazeen.&quot; The subtitles on the cover read: &quot;friends with benefits: pretty hot&quot;, &quot;are you fully aware of sex? maybe not?&quot;, &quot;special feature: stories where people lose their pants and are thus embarrassed&quot;, and &quot;PLUS: understanding europe&quot;.]]
 I have conceded that literal immortality is impossible!
 However!
 I am comforted by the fact that a type of immortality may still be possible. I speak of course of immortality through art!
 Yes!
 And in doing so, it will remain forever fixed, for all future generations to see!
 That's a great idea!
 We'll live forever!
 Imagine if Santa Claus worked at a newspaper?
 "Ho-ho-hold the front page!&quot; he'd say!
 Hee hee!
 Or if he worked on a boat: "Ho-ho-hoist that mainsail, lads!&quot;
 Or if he worked as a chipmunk, he'd say "I'm going to ho-ho-hoard all these nuts!&quot;
 I bet he would!
 Ho-ho-hold up?
 Ahem. My wit is CHRISTMAS THEMED
 You may be right! However: I still think my wit is stellar!
 Come on, tell me that if Santa Claus worked as a chipmunk, he wouldn't talk about ho-ho-hoarding nuts!
 It's a calling, I know; answer the question!
 Argh! People on the internet:
 So dumb!
 I can't take it any more, Dromiceiomimus! Everyone is off posting their dumb theories based off incorrect facts, and nobody even recognizes subtlety! So many people are so lame!
 Aaah! That's not the point! RAGE!
 Argh!
 I have too much rage! All these people are writing dumb things with incorrect spelling and grammar, and when you correct them, they just get angrier! Its really annoying!
 IT WAS SUBTLE IRONY. Sheesh, everyone! Subtlety!
 Also!
 Noticing such things in spoken language is impossible!
 Hooray for Christmas!
 Hooray!!
 Hooray for getting Christmas cards!
 Hooray for getting Christmas cards with no return address signed with names you don't recognize!
 Sure did, Skip!
 And that's one mystery I'd prefer to leave unsolved! I'm really enjoying this feeling of mysterious popularity.
 Who could it be? Who have I forgotten?? MAYBE it's a pretty lady who wants to kiss me sometime!
 Oh man!
 Hooray for potential Christmas smooching, my friend!
 Another day full of possibilities!
 I wonder what adventures I'll have today...
 I wonder!
 Hello everyone, it's me!
Dromiceiomimus: Yay! The T-Rex is here! I love you, T-Rex!
 Ho ho! Good to see you too, D.!
Utahraptor: I'm sorry I was ever mean to you in the past, T-Rex!
 That's OK!
 You - you really mean it?
 If only!
 *sigh*
 If only.
 Time to do it up...
 Quebec style!
 Time to wrap up some presents for all my friends...
 Quebec style!
 Time to STOMP ON THIS HOUSE - Quebec style!
 It's new and exciting!
 I invented it because it sounds, as I say, exciting and full of promise! "Let's go see a movie, Quebec style!&quot; Oh, wow! what does it mean? What's so different? I dont know, but I'm excited to find out!
 Hey guys, I brought a nice salad- Quebec style!
 There's nothing wrong with that!
 It saves the environment by using less paper!
 Replaced! Replaced with a healthy respect for the ENVIRONMENT.
 Plus it was cheaper!
 Not really!
 Like wrapping them in the plastic bags they came in!
 Just like my memories!
 Seeing all my old friends and family over the holidays has been fun. Good times!
 But, it has also been SAD.
 We've all changed! It makes me more nostalgic for how things were before, just a year or two ago.  Not because things were better, but because they were different!  I always feel like I missed some opportunity, like I could have done something then that I can't do now.
 I know!
 But I feel like everyone - all of us - could have done so much then, if only we handn't spent so many nights at home watching a movie or sitting in front of a computer!
 My life reduced to cliche!
 Bah!  Nostalgia!
 What use does it serve?
 All it does is make us want things that we can't have, and can't even work towards having.  Forget it!  It's WASTED TIME.
 From now on, I will not spend time remembering the past, nor will I be sad when circumstances change!  From now on, I'm all about TOMORROW.
Utahraptor: Are you sure that's a good attitude, T-Rex? Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to fulfill it!
 And those who cannot remember to attribute their quotations are condemned to commit academic offences.
 Nostalgia can make you sad.
 Man, you'll never find me on a mountaineering expedition or on a voyage to find the Northwest Passage. No thanks!
 Do people not realize what's bound to happen?
 As I see it, you're pretty much asking to be put in a situation wherein the food runs out, people betray one another, frozen corpses of friends are found in the morning, and eventually everyone resorts to cannibalism.
 Well, you won't fool me! I know the stereotypes!
Utahraptor: But not all arctic exploration ends in cannibalism, T-Rex!
 Says you!
 I can't help it if no cannibalism is less memorable than tons of cannibalism!
 Wait! Or can I?
 Oh no!
 It's a disaster!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, this is no time to begin stomping on houses!
 What? I already stomped on it like 5 seconds ag-
 OH MY GOODNESS
Utahraptor: T-Rex! I have a desperate plan to save us all!
 Hooray!
 That sounds just scientific enough to work!
 Let my last words be an incentive against the words "blog&quot; and &quot;blogosphere&quot;!
 I have lived as few men dared dream!
 Oh no!
 It's a disaster!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, this is no time to begin stomping on houses!
 What? I already stomped on it like 5 seconds ag-
 OH MY GOODNESS
Utahraptor: T-Rex! I have a desperate plan to save us all!
 Hooray!
 That sounds just scientific enough to work!
 Let my last words be an incentive against the words "blog&quot; and &quot;blogosphere&quot;!
 I have lived as few men dared dream!
 Oh no!
 It's a disaster!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, this is no time to begin stomping on houses!
 What? I already stomped on it like 5 seconds ag-
 OH MY GOODNESS
Utahraptor: T-Rex! I have a desperate plan to save us all!
 Hooray!
 That sounds just scientific enough to work!
 Let my last words be an incentive against the words "blog&quot; and &quot;blogosphere&quot;!
 I have lived as few men dared dream!
 Man, forget verbs!
 You heard me!
 From now on, I am all about other, less complex parts of speech. Verbs don't understand me!
 Maybe ADJECTIVES wouldn't force us to have such conversations!
Utahraptor: Okay T-Rex, I'm not sure what's going on here, but without verbs we cannot run or play or smile or even be!
 True! But, we can awesome!
 And we can sexy!
 !
 "We can sexy&quot; is totally going to be my epitaph!
 For reals!
 Someone at my house finished off a bag of milk, and then put it back in the fridge without replacing it with a new bag!
 That's so annoying!
 Also, it's very confusing since I live alone!
 What do you think, Dromiceiomimus? Am I going crazy? Am I finishing off the milk and then COMPLETELY FORGETTING ABOUT IT?
 What else could it be? Is someone breaking into my house just to drink my milk? I don't really mind, I guess - I'd just like to know.
 It's not my fault!
 Why would I screw myself over by not putting a new bag of milk back? That's crazy!
 Was it you?!
 Ssh! Come closer!
 I know secrets!
 SECRETS OF THE MEDICAL PROFESSION!
 What?
 Huh?
 Oh right! Well, the secret is that when doctors and nurses are "taking your pulse&quot;, they're not actually doing that!
 Really! They're actually discreetly observing your breathing.  They do it on the sly because if you're aware of it, it changes!
 Hah hah! I am an agent of CHAOS!
 Oh man, I ate too much last night.
 Ooooh man! 
 I had SO much food, Dromiceiomimus.  I thought I'd be smart and cook enough food for lunch the next day, but then I ate it all.
 Ooooh man!
 Dude!  I wasn't trying to IMPRESS her; I was just relaying an amusing anecdote from my own recent history!
 Yeah, I ate a lot!
 Ha ha!
 So, I thought I'd cook enough for the next day as well!
 Not YET!  But, allow me to continue...
 Last Thursday was a big day!
 Let's recap!
 I have much to offer a potential mate! I am big and strong and oh so sexy!
 If only I could find someone, preferably in my own neighbourhood, to be my companion and also to have sex with!
 Why, hello!
 I notice you are attractive!
 Care to put our emotional stability on the line in exchange for a chance at happiness?
 So...
 Ahh....
 Good times!
 I challenge myself to watch fifty-two movies in fifty-two days!
 Some of them were pretty okay, I guess.
 *sigh*
 Good eye!
 I am, a little!  It wasn't the point of my experiment, but holy, there are SO MANY BAD MOVIES.
 It's true!  My friend, have we become elitist snobs?  Are we too good for anything?
 Have we - finally - become "too cool for school&quot;?
 Man, my source for medical secrets won't tell me anything now, because I "broke her confidence&quot; when I told everyone about the breathing thing!
 Hah hah!
 Oh well!
 I know tons of secrets about other professions anyway! Dromiceiomimus, did you know that restaurants want you to fill up on bread?
 It is the essential paradox of the restaurateur!
 Yes, well - that's over now!
  The only other medical secret I know is that doctors may discreetly ask an elderly patient about his central vision by asking him if he has any trouble reading the numbers on his stove.
Utahraptor: I guess there's consequences to breaking confidences, eh T-Rex?
 Whatever, man!
 WHAT to the EV to the E R!
 Submit it to me, youngster! 
 And all the ladies proclaim that I'm quite adequate for a man of my racial denomination!
 You are aware of the difficulty entailed in simply managing one's life today!
 The one whom we're considering is not popular, but he attempts to five off that air nonetheless.
T-Rex " Utahraptor: But that which he does not possess, well, be assured that he substitutes for it in his own mind!
 Attention! Attention! Engage that neoteric device!
 I'm tired of movies and plays and radio dramas in which all the characters have such snappy dialogue!
 It's unrealistic!
 It really yanks me out of the moment. How am I supposed to imagine myself being there, when everyone talks like they know their lines?
 And also, sometimes like they're part of a larger work with a distinct thematic focus. Forget that!
 Yep!
 And, um -
 Sorry, what were we talking about there? I just remembered I have to mail a letter today
 Oh ho! Did I just do that on purpose? AM I REALLY THAT CLEVER??
 What's for dinner?
 The first law of thermodynamics:
 Important!
 The second law of thermodynamics: somewhat less important.
 If the laws were personified, I'd feel sorry for the second law! He'd be the affable loser, dressed in his brothers second-hand patchy tweed. Aww!
 Well, I'D invite him over for dinner! We'd have chops!
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex?
 Oh hey, I'm glad you came by: I was just imagining how nice I'd be to the somewhat-less-important law of thermodynamics if it were personified. I'd have sympathy dinners!
 No worries!
 What?! Who is this?
 Leave me alone!
 So?!
 I have my own refrigerator, and you don't see me bragging!
 The Devil! He won't leave me alone, and all he's doing is bragging about the video game consoles he owns.
 Nobody cares!!
  Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!
  There's water in the basement and I don't know what to do!
  If the basement keeps on flooding, then I'll certainly be blue!
  The water heater's leaking and my showers are all cold!
  I wouldn't mind so much, but it makes me feel so old!
  Boo?
  Thanks for your thoughts!
 So!
 Time to discuss my lovemaking technique!
Dromiceiomimus: whoa whoa whoa!  T-Rex!  Nobody wants to hear about your lovemaking 'technique'!
 Okay, how about my lovemaking strategy?
 I don't get it!
 I wasn't going to BRAG!  My lovemaking technique consists of a series of awkward fumbles and whispered apologies.
 I whisper apologies over and over while maintaining unbroken eye contact.
 Hah!  Just kidding!
 I guess this is how rumours get started, huh?
 By mining the Earth's outer (liquid) core, I can sell precious iron, thereby giving profits to myself and my business partners!
 Profits!!
 Would you like to buy some PRECIOUS IRON, featuring nickel and trace amounts of lighter elements, Dromiceiomimus?
 That's okay!  I'll keep mining it, in case you change your mind.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, we were fools!  The Earth's core has destabilized because of us!
 We'll all be dead soon!
 Maybe this isn't the best business idea ever.
 Featuring me!
 I have come up with the best science fiction story idea ever!
 It's about a man...
 A man who can only see well when a light is turned on!
Dromiceiomimus: Most guys I know are like that, T-Rex.
 But this guy can only see ANYWHERE when a particular light is turned on! Even when he's outside of the room with the light! Even when he's on the BEACH. If the light switch is turned off, so too are his eyes!
 Huh? There's no allegory. Just a twist at the end when we find out the whole thing was psychosomatic!
 That's part of the fiction!
 The SCIENCE fiction!!
 I had a friend once who joined a sorority.
 We were all like...
 "At least I don't have to buy my friends!&quot;
 It didn't really make sense, because we were already her friends, for free. But we ran with it.
 She ended up married, I think. 
Utahraptor: T-Rex, guess what?
 Oh my gosh! What?
 Oh my gosh!!
 The fallacy of balance occurs when news agencies claim truth by reporting "both sides of the story&quot;!
 In most cases, that's not balanced at all!
 For instance, if you're doing a story on how the sun is hot (assuming it's a slow news day), you don't spend half the story presenting a guy who thinks the sun is cold! You ignore the crazy minority.
 But often, when science is reported, equal credence is given to the kooks and their kooky theories! Science is presented as merely an opposing viewpoint.
 I'm not!
Utahraptor: "Hey everyone, look at me! I'm T-Rex! My truth is the right truth!&quot;
 That's not me!
 There's degrees! Science is based on repeatable observation!
 Dude! I'm busy!
 Such a nice day! YES, MAYBE A LITTLE BRISK BUT THAT'S OKAY!
 Yes indeed, it is a nice day, to be sure!
Dromiceiomimus: What's with all the shouting, T-Rex?
 I THINK THAT'S PRETTY CLEAR, BUT I GUESS I SHOULD ANSWER HER QUESTION. I figure our innermost thoughts are kept privae too often, so I've decided to shout mine to the world!
 HEY, WHY AM I HUNGRY? I JUST ATE A FEW HOURS AGO. I HAD A CHICKEN SAMMICH. I THINK?
Utahraptor: T-Rex!!
 I am having an inner dialogue!
 MY FRIEND, IT'S CLEAR THAT SHOUTING IS THE BEST WAY TO HAVE INNER DIALOGUES. I AGREE
 ?!
 Leave me alone you crazy bastard!
 No!!
 Argh!! So inane!
 The Devil!
 All he wants to do is talk about these stupid games I've never played! He KNOWS I've never played them, and yet - the chatter CONTINUES!
 I'd PREFER that!
 Never played it!!
 So what's the deal with SISTERHOOD?
 Hah hah!
 Am I right?
Dromiceiomimus: Oh, T-Rex! Are you upset because as a male, you'll never be able to know the small joys and frustrations of having and being a sister?
 No way! I know all about sisterhood! I know all about all sorts of things.
 Well even if it WAS, I could always get a sex change and a new family or something.  I don't know! How nuanced can it be to be a member of a set of two mutually female siblings?
 Do you ever wonder what the pillow fights are like?
 I no longer wish to die someday! It's true! I have decided that aging is for CHUMPS.
 And as a non-chump, this means I must find a way to be immortal!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, we've gone over this before! Remember? Immrtality could violate conservation of energy laws? Science means that not all dreams can come true?
 This is true! But I have found a LOOPHOLE. A loophole... in science!
Utahraptor: Mind describing this "loophole&quot;, T-Rex?
 Sure! I will simply freeze TIME ITSELF.
 That way we ALL get to live forever without breaking any universal laws! Watch!
 I'm sure I have no idea what you're tal-
 There are a few moments in my life at which, I can now see in hindsight, critical events took place.
 These events set in motion other events which finally led to the person I am today!
 For instance: Dromiceiomimus! Had you and I never met, I would never have become so good at Scrabble!
 Still! Things would be different!
 Well!
 All I really wanted to point out was that it's cool to think about these things sometimes.  You know, like chance jobs where you met friends (or perhaps LOVERS?) - things like that!
 Oui oui tout le monde - et ca n' arret pas!!
 Je veux une petite quelque chose quelque chose!
 Here are some amusing observations about everyday life!
 1) Men stereotypically leave the toilet seat up!
 2) Parking spaces can be rare.
 3) Airplane food?
 Well... that's it!
 Explain!
 Sheesh, of course I would! I make jokes about whomever I please!
 Is "whom&quot; a necessary English construction? Its role as object is already indicated by syntax.
 I discovered some bad news yesterday: my bicycle needs a new seat!
 The SHAFT upon which the seat is MOUNTED has become bent!
Dromiceiomimus: Whoah, T-Rex!  Such sexualized language!
 I'm sorry!  It's just hard to talk about bicycles without sexualized language.  That's the nature of the beast!
 I also need a new PUMP for my tires.
Utahraptor: I'm pretty sure you could avoid this if you wanted, T-Rex!
 I really don't think I could!
 To summarize: the THRUST of what I'm saying is -
 - apparently unable to PENETRATE your skepticism -
Utahraptor: You're not impressing anyone, T-Rex!
 Really?
 Spring Break!!
 Woooo!
 Wooo!
 SPRING BREAK!
Dromiceiomimus: Woah, hold up! WHICH spring break, T-Rex? You don't go to school!
 Woooo!
 Spring break WOOO!!
 The thought DID cross my mind!
 My theory and teen movies would disagree with you my friend!
 Spring break!
 WOOOOOO!
 Excellent!
 Yes my friends, spring will be coming soon!
 Hooray!!
 Spring is my favourite season, Dromiceiomimus. Do you know why?
 It is my favourite season because it is so pretty!
 Oops!
 No, I wasn't lying!
 I just -- um!
 Fuuuuck
 The Utahraptor's brother is having children - it seems the time of parenthood is upon us!
 How quickly we find ourselves in the positions of adults!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you think you might have children some day?
 That's exactly how I feel! You've articulated it perfectly.
 Will I ever feel qualified?
Utahraptor: I'm sure you'd make a great parent, T-Rex! I can imagine you running around with all your kids behind you, teaching them how to stomp on things...
Utahraptor: 5 little baby T-Rexes, each with their own pair of cute little arms!
 What do you mean, "cute&quot;?
 "Cute&quot;?!
 Today I believe in temporal presentism! Only the objects around me are real. They exist in space, but not in time!
 Neither the past nor the future actually exists!
 Each moment is unique, and life is but series of moments, connected by our memories! We speak of events occurring in the past only as a matter of convenience.
 Yep!
 Aha, my friend! That's only because this present moment is predicated on past moments being as they were.
 It does explain why time travel isn't possible! You can't visit a past or future that doesn't exist!
 Th- That's pretty much it!
 Today is Valentine's day!
 Hah hah! Sucks to THAT!
 I believe it to be a MANUFACTURED HOLIDAY. Last year it brought me nothing but trouble, so this year I am going out of my way to make sure that everyone knows they don't have to celebrate their love if they don't want to!
 Perhaps!
Utahraptor: More than perhaps! Lots of people just use Valentine's day as an excuse for spending time with their sweeties, commercialism or not. Nothing ruins a romantic evening like a T-Rex barging in and calling it a corporate-sponsored fraud!
 You'll thank me when you share my politics!
 Hey God! Check this out!
 A horse walks into a bar and the bartender says "why the long face?&quot;
 What?! It was awesome!
 HORSES have long faces!
 LITERAL long faces!
 I bet you don't know much about good jokes anyway!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex!
 Oh hey Utahraptor! Check this out: a dog with a missing foot hobbles into a bar and drawls "I'm looking for the man who shot my paw&quot;!
 Because sometimes cowboys' parents got shot?
 I won't!
 Motorcycle enthusiasts call cars "cages&quot;!
 Motorcycle enthusiasts enjoy "souping up&quot; their rides almost as much as anime fans enjoy the classic &quot;Battle Angel Alita&quot; graphic novels!
 Wow!
 I know!
 But did YOU know that some motorcycle enthusiasts refer to long motorcycle rides as "numb bumming&quot;?
 My friends, I have written a new book!
 A book for CHILDREN!
 My book is called "Happy Dog the Happy Dog&quot; and it mixes the story of Happy Dog with important lessons I've chosen about life! It also features adorable drawings of happy dogs. Amazing!
 I'd be pleased to give a reading!
 "Happy Dog the happy dog is the happiest dog on his street! He loves to play in the grass. Everyone you know will one day be dead!&quot;
Utahraptor: Whoah, what?! T-Rex! That's awful!
 "Happy Dog loves to play fetch with a young boy named Timmy! Timmy is Happy Dog's best friend. Timmy is made out of meat. Your whole family is made out of meat.&quot;
 What's up?
[[T-Rex is holding a strawberry milkshake. A woman is next to him, reaching for it.]]
Narrator: Lessons in Sharing: Featuring T-Rex
 mm! strawberry, my favourite!
Woman: C'mon T-Rex! We got 2 straws for a reason!
 Having proper posture is very important!
 Stop slouching!
 Having proper posture enables me to stomp this house without injuring my delicate, ladylike ankles!
 Here, I'll demonstrate again, this time on a tiny human lady!
Utahraptor: Uh...T-Rex?
 No it's not! You're just jealous!
 Stand up straight!
 We...we're not?
&lt;&lt;*SNAP*&gt;&gt; [[from T-Rex' legs]]
 Oh nooooo!
[[Ninjas are attacking T-Rex throughout panel 1-4]]
 Man, I'm getting fed up with fighting these ninjas all the time...
 ...REALLY fed up!
 Do I? Hell Yeah! Maybe if I smash their log dojo and ninja-mobile they'll leave me alone.
 You know it! Perhaps if I stomp their beautiful (yet deadly) leader, 'Black Lotus', I can end it for good!
 Me either!
 I don't know, settle down maybe. I always wanted to be a farmer.
[[Mars bats are flying towards T-Rex]]
 Oh no! Mars bats!
 Too much of my life has been spent on not being a magician. It's time to change all that.
 For my first trick, I will make an entire house disappear!
 ABRA-CAD-
 People of space, I hear your plea...
 "Avenge me, T-Rex!&quot;
Professor Utiarty: Or, should I say, T-Rex!
 He... He knows!
 They all know!
 I can't believe the Utahraptor thinks that T-Rexes are cute. I am not cute! My daily romps inspire fear in all who meet me!
 Fear!
 Dromiceiomimus! Do you think me and my little green arms are cute, or do they rather inspire a chilling fear in your very SOUL?
 But look: I'm crushing a house! It is very frightening!
 What could be more terrifying than being crushed by a T-Rex?
 What?
 Does no one realize that this is a very sensitive issue for me?!
 Ah, another beautiful day.
 ...OR IS IT!?
 I'm attempting to build dramatic tension!
Utahraptor: I really don't think you can turn the relative beauty of weather into a dramatic event, T-Rex.
 Oh, but that's where you're wrong! Even as we speak, listeners are inching closer to our conversation, sweat beginning to form at their brows. "What is it,&quot; they wonder, &quot;good... or bad?&quot; Each moment we delay... their anticipation grows... ever... stronger....
 Actually, it's a bit brisk for my tastes!
 It's decided!
 Change is good!
 If I change this cup: recyclable material!
 My children's children would thank me!
 My root beer!
 Change can be very bad
 Oh man, there were a whole bunch of raccoons hanging around outside my house last night!  I was like,
 Aaaaaahhhh!
Dromiceiomimus:  Hah hah!  I don't believe it!  T-Rex - you're afraid of raccoons!
 There's nothing funny about this!  They're damned freaky animals!  They're SMART and CUNNING and they sit on the heads of dogs to drown them!
 They do!
 And their hands - their little, nimble, probing hands!
 They're not cute: they're freaky!  They know too much!  They open up jars and stuff!
 Holy Shit!  Leave me alone!
 Damned sinister raccoons are still hanging around outside my house! And just when I thought things couldn't get more freaky, their cephalopod friends showed up!
 I was like,
 "What? AAAAHHHHH!&quot;
 Squid cuttlefish, and other similarly baleful creatures are all members of the cephalopod family, characterized by HUGE EYS, BEAKS, INTELLIGENCE, and AMBITION.
 They played us for suckers!
 They're jet powered, did you know that? They're jet-powered animals and their heads are covered in PREHENSILE TENTACLES. They're carnivorous and most are cannibals!
 I don't want any trouble, cephalopods!
 So the good news is that the raccoons and cephalopods aren't hanging around my house anymore!
 The BAD news is that they've moved in together next door!
 Yeah, quite a sinister development!  The two animals I find the freakiest develop the ability to talk and move in next door?  I do not need to know animals with these abilities!
 Not really!  It's not racist to like some animals and not others.  Besides, I'm not irrationally against raccoons and cephalopods: they've threatened me!  They wait menacingly outside my house for me to come home!
 Cephalopod and raccoon neighbours, I respect your unique worldview!
Narrator: We join our story as T-Rex is relaying dumb stories he's heard and believes to be true.
 Time to educate my peers...through the medium of incredibly true facts!
 Hello Dromiceiomimus! Did you know that if you held your eyes open when you sneezed, the could pop out? Pop!
 It's true!! They could just pop out like CRAZY.
 True stories! FACTS! Want to hear one?
Utahraptor: These wouldn't happen to be URBAN LEGENDS, would they, T-Rex?
 Of course not! Ha ha! So, um... here's a fun fact about trumpet players: each saves the contents of their spit valve in a mason jar, and chugs it at the end of the year!
 I don't know why!
 It's true!
 Sometimes I get a little sad!
 You wouldn't guess it from my rugged exterior, but beneath my tremendous frame beats the heart of a sensitive man. So sensitive!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you're talking about how sensitive you are while simultaneously stomping on things!
 Yes, well - I realize that now, Utahraptor, and it makes me very Sad!
 I'm sad on the inside!
 Seriously, check it out:
 "Boo hoo hoo! Let's have a lengthy discussion about FEELINGS.&quot;
 Wooo! I'm talking the talk!!
  I've changed my mind!  You know what's great?
  Nostalgia!
  Hot Wheels(TM) cars!
  Simpler videogames!
  Less swearing on the radio?
  Woooo!
  ...BMX(TM) bikes!
  I am!
  Nope!
  Ninja turtles!
 The Devil!!
 What's that matter: run out of video games?
 Huh?
 Man, I don't want to hear about it!
 He's the one talking to ME! I didn't ask for this!
Utahraptor: Well, have you tried getting rid of him?  Hey T-Rex, isn't it great how the Devil is PRETTY LAME?
 Must be nice!!
 I sent an email to some dude today, and it came back with a verification message I had to reply to in order to prove I was "legit&quot;!
 Stupid whitelist spam protection systems!
 Not these ones! They're inherently flawed, assuming you ever want to hear from someone you don't already know. If two strangers have a whitelist system, then either they can never talk to each other, or they still get spam!
 Of course!
 Because if verification emails can get through, then it won't be long until spammers send messages that look enough like them to also get through. There's still a hole! And if you seal it, you miss real verification emails.
 I'm open! I'm open! I'm open!
 The realization that I've had a homosexual affair with the Utahraptor THAT I CANNOT REMEMBER AT ALL profoundly disturbs me. How could I forget such a thing?
 I wonder what it was like? Maybe I was really good!
 Or MAYBE he's making the whole thing up! That would explain why I don't remember it.
 Yes! Thank you!
 I feel alot better about the whole thing now.
 You?
 What manner of proof have you?
 *gasp*
 I have been thinking, and I have come up with the perfect solution to the problem of my being considered, by others, to be "cute&quot;.
 I will get a pet!
 A little animal that will follow me around on my adventures, be my companion... someone to keep my bed warm at night!
 Also, this pet will have to be cuter than I am, thereby making me look even tougher in comparison!
 A small pet, perhaps something bite-sized...
 Yes; have you any suggestions?
 Thanks anyway!
 So! Life proceeds, despite the fact that I've got the freakiest neighbors ever. Who wants to live next door to sinister raccoons and cephalopods?
 Not me!
 The ONLY advantage I can think of is that it'll be cool on Hallowe'en. That's it! And that's not even much of an advantage, actually! Not even!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, did you ever think that maybe they're just as scared of you as you are of them?
 Hah!
 Man, these animals are WITHOUT FEAR. I don't see how acting like I'm not afraid will help things!
 No way dudes! Nothing you can say will scare me!
 Oh man, I'm still a little tired from last night!
 Time to go and get some HEARTY MAN SLEEP!
 Damn straight Dromiceiomimus! I am recently ALL ABOUT adding "man&quot; in front of things to make them sound all the more manly. You should see me man snooze! I man snooze with a pure MAN FURY.
 Possibly!
 But I definitely have no interest in finding out! All I want to do today is have lots of man naps and stomp on things with my stern man foot.
 I know, but I can't figure out a way to stop that!
 I live with my man failings.
 So what's the deal with...
 ...POST-COMMUNISM?
Dromiceiomimus: You're going to have to define that for me, T-Rex!
 It's what comes after communism, I think. Basically, what's the deal with it?
Utahraptor: You don't have any idea what post-communism is, do you T-Rex?
 I freely admit that I do not!
 But I ask: assuming it exists, what is its deal?
 Please!
 Really? No state has ever claimed to have reached a fully communist system, and so the term is inaccurate, etymologically speaking? That's pretty cool!
 Would it not be pretty neat to average out your emotional states across your entire life?
 I bet I'd never be sad again!
 No way Dromiceiomimus! I bet that I would be on average at least KIND of happy.
 Sad?
 That would be pretty awful, knowing that on the whole, your life is one of sadness!
 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH 
 hhuuh 
 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
 Here are some bad things to say to someone who just broke up with his long-term girlfriend!
 "Wasn't she the best ever?&quot;
 "I was always impressed with her wit, her beauty, her intelligence and her sense of humour.&quot; 
 "It's too bad you never go married, eh?&quot; 
 "I had a bit of a crush on her too! She was a cutie.&quot;
 "Was she a good kisser?&quot;
 "Do you remember kissing her?&quot;
 "Pretty nice?&quot; &quot;Are you worried that one day you'll forget what it was like?&quot;
 "Wouldn't that be sad?&quot;
 I concede that, sometimes, it's nice to be polite! However!
 I also believe that it's NOT nice to be insincere. I am in conflict!
 This is because there are situations in which being polite implies being insincere. For example, I may think someone looks pretty ridiculous in their fancy new hat, but if they ask me what I think, I'll try to say SOMETHING positive about it! In order not to hurt their feelings, I am polite in sharing my opinion.
 Huh?
 If everyone knows people are being insincere, then what's the point of polliteness? We end up in the same place, semantically speaking.
 Hold that thought. 
 HEY YOU! ACROSS THE STREET! 
 I LIKE YOUR FRIGGIN' HAT!
 Today is a good day I think for more SECRETS of the MEDICAL PROFESSION!
 Wooo! Secrets!!
 Dromiceiomimus, you know how doctors will hit your knee with a hammer to test your reflexes?
 WELL! In some cases the patient will be too aware of what's going on, and the test won't work. In such cases the patient is asked to lock their hands togetehr and pull them in opposite directions. This distraction allows the test to succeed!
 I believe this is called the "Jendrassik Maneuver&quot;!
 You're telling me! What's neat about it, though, is that it's AUTOMATIC. Even if you're aware that it's a distraction, the Maneuver still works!
 Yep! It's a neurological distraction affecting the pathways between the central nervous system and the motor neurons, dishibiting any tonic (i.e.: baseline) inhibitions. DOCTORS, huh?
 Today is an excellend day I think for walking aroudn like I own the place!
 Woo! Looks like my day just got filled up!
 Dromiceiomimus, would you say that I'm an excellent dude for walking around like I own the place?
 I'll let history be the judge of that!
 WHAT
 Okay, so what if I said "I think I'll let an assumed future history which agress with my current position be the judge of THAT!&quot;?
 Noooo!
 Hey, I have a great idea! I'll get a webpage, and then I'll put up all sorts of personal stuff about myself and my friends on it!
 Then when it blows up in my face, I'll - Um!
 Anyway, to the internet!
Utahraptor: Hello T-Rex! How are you today?
 Hello my friend! I'm fine!
Utahraptor: Great! Listen, T-Rex, we've known each other for a long time, right?
 Right!
 Sweet!
 Everybody dies.
 But we've still got some time!
 Guess what I got last night?
 A dog!
 Did you know that dogs and dinosaurs co-existed?
 Good!
 I am excited to go play with my new pet dog!
 I am thinking, "T-Junior&quot;.
 What about "Dogasaurus Rex&quot;?
 Well, it's better than "Utahraptor&quot;!
 What is that anyway, a place?
 "Utah&quot;?
 In order to make things easier for myself AND my peers, I am construction a personl Enemies of T-Rex List (Enemies List)!
 Featuring: corporations!
 First on my list are the people who make those cans of frozen concentrated juice at the grocery store. When I open them, they sometimes explode a little juice on me!
 I think it's because water expands when it's frozen and so the can is under pressure, and there's a little melted juice at the top? I don't know. But they're on the list! Also: 1970s American popular culture.
Utahraptor: Listen T-Rex, are you really sure you want an Enemies List?
 Why wouldn't I?
 Dude! You're coming close to questioning the very IDEA of an enemies list!
 Man, the coolest thing ever?
 Skateboarding out of a friggin' crashing helicopter!
 The ONLY way it could be better is if you yelled "EXTREME!&quot; on the way down. &quot;Whoah! Extreme!!&quot;
 You know it! And plus, you could do extreme tricks on the way down - like a backside lipslide 50-50 fakie!
 !
 I hadn't even thought of that!
 That is pretty friggin' extreme!
T-Rex " Utahraptor: EXTREME!!
 Whoaaaaah!
 Last night I started to write my own autobiography! However, I had to stop after a while because, as it turns out, my life is NOT THAT INTERESTING.
 Imagine my dismay at coming to such a realization!
 Therefore I have resolved to make my life better "copy&quot; and will, from now on, style my activities such that they'll be appealing to a hyopthetical audience!
 I will be forever on stage, performing!
 Oh yes?
 I imagine that is very true!
 God!! Hey, want to watch me go spice things up when I make...NAKED SUB SANDWICHES?
 "Mary was a young girl, 15 years old, and desperately in love with her next door neighbour, Tom.&quot;
 "It was three years before the Great War!&quot;
 "Tom sat on his porch in the cooling night. 'How do you do?' said Mary, curtseying slightly. 'Hullo Mary,' said Tom, 'How are your folks.' He raised his voice so slightly that it was not a question, but Mary didn't notice. She was wearing here prettiest dress, the one with the blue floral print that her mother had sewn for her on her birthday. Mary smiled.&quot;
Utahraptor: What are you doing, T-Rex?
 I'm writing a story!
 It's a heartwarming story about two children growing up in a simpler time, a time when gender roles were clear and children played hopscotch on their way home from school!
 Hah hah, just kidding!
 Oh man, did I get you? Did I get you?
 What if I said I'm not really kidding?
 I've been thinking about gender roles! Is gender a social construct?
 Or, does it refer specifically to the persuasion of one's naughty bits?
Dromiceiomimus: Well T-Rex, it can't be a purely biological construct, because there are people born intersexed!
 This is true! Plus, people's ideas of "masculine&quot; and &quot;feminine&quot; change over time and across cultures. I don't think either a purely social OR biological explanation satisfies!
 Indeed!
 Hey, let's try though!
 You the man, my friend!
 Hah hah! How delightfully droll!
 I've been thinking about gender roles! Is gender a social construct?
 Or, does it refer specifically to the persuasion of one's naughty bits?
Dromiceiomimus: Well T-Rex, it can't be a purely biological construct, because there are people born intersexed!
 This is true! Plus, people's ideas of "masculine&quot; and &quot;feminine&quot; change over time and across cultures. I don't think either a purely social OR biological explanation satisfies!
 Indeed!
 Hey, let's try though!
 You the man, my friend!
 Hah hah! How delightfully droll!
 Alright, alright. Things I Need To Do Today:
 Get dog food for my very angry dog!
 Buy some food for me while I'm at it. Write a letter to my Grandmother whom I love dearly. Laundry!
 I do!
 Oh, but the Grandmother letter isn't a chore. I like writing letters, and especially letters to my Grandmother!
 I know it!
 I AM THE WORST GRANDSON EVER.
 The "Straw Man&quot; fallacy isn't so much a fallacy as it is a way of life!
 In this fallacy, you present an altered version of your opponent's argument in order to make it appear absurd! You then tear apart this weaker, ridiculous argument and claim victory. Basically it can be summarized as "make stuff up and attribute it to your opponent&quot;! Haha! EXCELLENT.
Utahraptor: What? It's not excellent, T-Rex! It's bad argument technique!
 Maybe!
 BUT, it's also a great way to win debates. And if anyone calls you on it, you just say "Come on. Your attack on me is the real straw man fallacy here; let's be serious.&quot;
 Hah! Hey how did you know I use the internet?
 The world revolves around me The world revolves around me
 (Probably)
 ...around me!
 (Pro
 Bab
 Ly)!
 Ohh, the world revolves around me!
 Yes, the world revolves around me!
 (Probably!)
 Yes, the woooorld, she revolves around me! (Probably!)
Utahraptor: Holy cow, T-Rex! I didn't mind you singing your song the first time I heard it, but it's been four days! Four days! TIME FOR A NEW SONG!
 Sheesh, okay! It was just an amusing little ditty. I wrote it myself, you know!
 Thanks, God!
 Light verb constructions (LVCs) are constructions like "take a stroll&quot; and &quot;give a smile&quot;!
 They are formed by combining a light verb (such as "take&quot; and &quot;give&quot;) with a complement (&quot;stroll&quot;, &quot;smile&quot;). Most of the meaning of a (non-idiomatic) LVC comes from the complement (&quot;stroll&quot; and &quot;smile&quot;).
 I know!
 Yes, this is true!
 Sure would! Hmm, I wonder if statistical measures of association would correlate well with human judgement of construction acceptability?
 Hot crackers! They DO! I should totally write this stuff down!
 Bad news, everyone!
 I'm not as skinny as I used to be!
Dromicieomimus: Oh, whatever, T-Rex!  You're as trim as always.  meanwhile, I must have put on at least 20 pounds since January!
 Whatever, Dromiceiomimus!  You're fine.  But look at MY thigh: it's somewhat larger than before
 Whatever, man!  I'm getting OLDER and CHUBBIER.
 Oh, are we gonna talk about cultural relativism?  Cause I can talk about cultural relativism!
 I've got to remember to feed my pet dog!
 I forgot to feed the dog! I'll do it tomorrow.
 Got any plans for the summer?
 Shoot! You know what? I was supposed to feed the dog today!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, have you fed your dog yet?
 Oh hell!
 God damn it! Can you believe I forgot again?
 !
 SHIT!
 People are always like, "Boo hoo hoo! I'm not motivated!&quot; Well, not anymore! Not since I, T-Rex, have decided to become...
 ... a motivational speaker!
 It'll be fantastic, Dromiceiomimus! I will motivate through a combination of folk wisdom and "uncommon sense&quot; advice couched in clever stock market analogies!
 Sounds MOTIVATIONAL!
Utahraptor: I don't think the world needs what you are offering, T-Rex!
 Think positive, friend!
 Basics, eh? Hmm...
 Excuse me! Unmotivated people? I'm T-Rex, your motivational speaker!
 So! Has anyone here ever tried setting goals, and then achieving those goals?
 So, throughout time, people have spent their youth learning, and the time after that applying what they've learned. Not a bad system!
 ... For a first try!
 The problem is that we're spending longer and longer studyin. If you do a PhD, you could be 30 years old when you graduate! And since there's so much to know about the world, people are forced to specialize. Even at 30, there just isn't enough time to learn it all!
 It's true!
 But what if it didn't have to be that way? If we lived forever, we could learn so much! We could make connections between completely unrelated fields.
 Sure, borrow my four-seater rocket car whenever you want!
 Hah hah! I'm totally glad I invented it.
 So I went for a walk last night before bed, simply because I wasn't tired yet and had nothing to do.
 True story!
 After walking for a bit, I found myself in a 24-hour grocery store!  Why? I didn't need any groceries. I guess I just found the bright lights and the prospect of buying snacks enticing!
 Yes, just some chips and a drink. I didn't need either of them!
Utahraptor: So are you concerned, T-Rex, that going shopping was your default activity?
 Yeah man!
 And shopping for food that I didn't even need, no less. I suspect that the symbolism of this at both a personal and societal level is pretty damning!
 Exactly!
 Man, whatever! These chips are overwhelmingly delicious!
  Man!  I don't!!
  I don't think about video games as much as you do!  Okay?  You've got to understand this!  T-REX EQUALS DOESN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT VIDEO GAMES ALL THAT OFTEN!
  ...
  I think I got rid of him!
  The Devil!  I told him off pretty harshly and I guess I hurt his feelings?  Does that make me a bad person?
  Great!  Let's talk about that instead!
 My sinister raccoon and cephalopod neighbours are having a sleep-over party. Okay! That's innocent enough. I don't judge!
 But putting up fliers for it around town?
 That's creepy! That's odd! That's OFF. Who indiscriminately invites people to a slumber party?
 Apparently!
 No way, man!
 I've TOLD you all the creepy things they've said to me! I don't want to put myself in a situation where I'm UNCONSCIOUS and pyjama-clad around them! Holy heck!
 I'm sorry, I - I think I'm busy that night!
 I have discovered the secret of being totally famous! I will now share this secret.
 The secret is to be CONTROVERSIAL!
 That way, everyone is talking and thinking about you.You become famous simpy from holding a contested opinion! And the best part is yuo don't actually HAVE to hold the opinion, you just have to say you do. It's so easy! Dromiceiomimus, what are your thoughts on gay marriage and prohibition?
 A CONTROVERSIAL ass, though! Of fame!
 Maybe they do!
 Well, that's it for me!
 So I was talking up my post-pubescent body the other night, and this guy was like "Post-pubescent isn't a word, because you can never get past puberty!&quot; I was like, &quot;Whatever&quot;!
 It was some party!!
Dromiceiomimus: That guy was right though, T-Rex!  Puberty is more of a toggle, isn't it?  You're either pre-pubescent or pubescent - you never get to be post-pubescent.
 I maintain that you do!  You're pre-pubescent, then pubescent, and then post-pubescent when the changes stop!
 I disagree!
 Fine!  Let's look it up right now!
 Fine!  I'll go do that!
 I'm gonna!
 Dude, come quick!
 There's PICTURES!!
 It turns out that you can't escape politics in the media!  Every song I hear, every book I read and every movie I see has some political agenda, even if it's just tacit support fo the dominant ideology!
 Well!  I'M going to create the first POLITICS-FREE film!  
 That's a start!  It'll document the world around me to ensure that my own beliefs can't enter the frame.
 Oooh!  And it'll be in one long take, so that I can't be accused of using editing to privilege some images over others!  It's going to be great! Great and APOLITICAL.
 It'll work!  Don't be such a downer!
Utahraptor:  T-Rex, as soon as you place the camera somewhere, you're making a value judgment about what's worth seeing and what's not.  You're privileging what's in front of the camera over what's behind it: that's political!
  Hmm.  That - that's true.
 The eye doctor had told me I might need glasses!
 Me! Glasses!
 Man, glasses are gonna cramp my style. I'm not a glasses dude! I'm a NON-GLASSES dude!
 Perhaps! But still, my style will be totally CRAMPED.
Utharaptor: What style do you have that can be "cramped&quot;, T-Rex?
 Plenty!
 Sleeping face down style! Rubbing my eyelids with the palms of my hand style! Glasses would interfere with BOTH these activities.
 Shit!
 Global warming!!
 I have a friend, of my own age, who is having a relationship - the only word for it is "affair&quot; - with a woman who is engaged to be married!
 It's time for...
 It kind of came out of nowhere... she is into him and he is into her, so where's the problem?  What's the big deal about polygamy?
 The problem of course is the fianc?, who (as I understand it) does not support his wife-to-be sleeping around with another man.
 Further complications: both men look the same!  It's a little weird.
 How am I to advise this friend - should he break it off?  Should he let the woman make her own decisions?
 Yes, it's a hackneyed situation, but one which all involved are living, as we speak!
 Hey, wait!
 Come back!
 YOU FORGOT TO GIVE ME THE ANSWER TO MY PROBLEM!
 What is the deal with second base? Nobody actually knows what it represents!
 (Second base in the sexually euphemistic sense, of course!)
Dromiceiomimus: Everyone knows what second base is, T-Rex! First base is significant glances across a crowded room, second is quietly holding hands, third base is eating the same strand of spaghetti and a home run is totally smooching!
 I find these bases to be highly improbably, Dromiceiomimus!
 Why?
 It's cute that these tough guys have no idea what's going on?
 But wimpy guys talk about women too!
 hah hah! Like COMPUTERS.
 I was talking to a friend the other day, and it turns out he'd never played the classic "Duck Hunt&quot; video game!
 The Devil! What are you doing here?!
 I can't believe it! I've played a game you haven't?!
 I am!
 Get this: he's never played Duck Hunt!
 Seriously!
 You shoot little ducks on the TV with your gun!
 I saw a bumper sticker yesterday that compelled me to commit "random acts of kindness&quot;!
 (True story!)
 Anyway, that's exactly what I intend to do today.  Kindness ahoy!
 Is this house bothering you, Dromiceiomimus?
 Well - just in case!
 Hey, is this woman bothering you, Utahraptor?
Utahraptor: Your attempts to help us are clearly causing more harm than good, T-Rex!  You see that, right?  It's like you're living out some stock sitcom plotline!
 You're right!!
 Hah, the next thing you know, I'll have a wacky but non-threatening gay frien-
 OH MY GOD
  I know one thing that puts us (living people made out of meat) above machine intelligences.
  That thing is the ability to feel physical pleasure!
  For instance, I'd like to see a machine intelligence feel the relief of a cool breeze on a hot summer's night.  They can't, because they're machines!
  We are the much more sensual people.
Utahraptor:  I'm not sure what you're trying to argue here, T-Rex!
  People &gt; machines!
  Well, I -
  But come on!  You have to admit that we're the superi-
 That's me!
 Many people wish to know how live a meaningful life!
 These people include newborn babies, youth, mature young adults, disenchanted middle-agers, executives - heck, even your own next-door neighbour may be secretely [sic] interested in living a meaningful life!
 Some say dedicating your life to helping others is the key.
 However, these people are WRONG. The only way to truly live a meaningful life is to engage in sexual congress with a large number of partners!
 Hah hah, okay, you got me! I was just fooling. Good one though, eh?
 Seriously, helping others is alright
 You mean you don't know?! You're God!
 Okay!
 Well, as I understand it, wind is caused when high-temperature clouds interact with low-temperature clouds?  And the Earth's rotation works into is somehow?
Utharaptor: T-Rex, I've got some bad news!
 Oh no!
 Aw man!  Why people always got to ram their cars into my house?
 Did you have anything to do with this?!
 I have a question that I can ask all my friends!  The question is, "would you rather kiss a music student, or a psychology student?&quot;.
 Hee hee!  I am the best friend to have ever!
 Dromiceiomimus!  Listen, I have a question for you: would you rather kiss a music student, or a psychology student?
 How INTERESTING.
Utahraptor: So what's the deal here, T-Rex?
 The deal?
 What?  No, of course not!
 You can't apply broad generalizations to heterogeneous groups.  Each person has their unique properties and outlook on life.
 Dude!  Good thing I was around, eh?
 I have made another exciting music-themed discovery:
 Any song can have its lyrics replaced with variations on the word "chimichangas&quot;!
 For example: "Chim chimi chang chim chimi chang chimichangas!&quot;
 Come on!  Everyone knows it.
Utahraptor: This is one weaksauce discovery, T-Rex!
 You wound me!
 it works really well with songs from Mary Poppins
 What a delightful film!
  Let us talk today about a very important topic:
  Anger management!
  One must always manage their anger, lest it become under- or even un-managed and therefore out of control!  But we should also remember that emotions aren't good or bad things - it's what we do with them that matters.  For instance, anger can help us break things that would otherwise remain unbroken!  Like with...
  ...pi?atas?
  I'm glad you asked!
  Whenever you feel angry and think maybe you shouldn't be upset, just repeat to yourself, "Don't be so angry okay?  Sheesh!&quot;
  One might expect me to become hilariously angry at such a comment, but I'm managing my anger.
  Still!  Ouch!
 Man, I'm amazing! I'm a machine that turns FOOD into IDEAS!
 I'm a machine that turns chicken wings into things being stomped on. I turn a who friggen' bag of chips into new ideas about gender relations! What other new creation (besides the dinosaurs, OF COURSE) can turn physical things into abstract ideas? I'm totally great!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you're forgetting about Babbage engines!
 Shoot, I am!
 Though they never advanced beyond the prototype stage, his engines were some of the first machines that transformed physical labour (turning a crank) into mental labour (summing two numbers). It was a revolutionary idea!
 And yet - bag of chips! Gender relations!
 I could probably turn all-you-can-eat ribs into a freakin' aria!
 Today is a good day I think for talking about ex-girlfriends!
 Woooooooo!
Dromiceiomimus: Maybe this isn't the best idea ever, T-Rex!
 But maybe it is! What could possibly go wrong?
 No, no! Come on, it'll be great.
Utahraptor: I think I agree, T-Rex! This is the worst kind of kissing and telling.
 The worst?
 But what if I have only good things to say about them, hmm? What about THAT?
 I still love all my ex-girlfriends, and remain good friends with them to this day.
 T-REX WINS!
 Time to talk about everyone's favourite topic...
 Relationships!
 Have you ever found yourself in a relationship that required at least a few sentences to explain what was going on, that couldn't be summed up in a single word like "boyfriend&quot; or &quot;ex-girlfriend&quot;?
 Exactly! I'm glad you understand, Dromiceiomimus.
 Um.
 They're...pretty okay?
 Okay, honestly, I wanted to talk more about how deep and important some friendships can be, but we've somehow moved away from that.
 I have no one to blame but myself!
 So - dating ex-girlfriends? I've heard this can be a bad idea, but I don't know...
 What's the worst that could happen?!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex, assuming you and the lady broke up for a reason, won't these problems still be there?
 Maybe, but I don't think so!  We're different, more mature people now, and if we make sure it's more casual - less high expectations, less intense - I really think it could work!
 No!
 I've really tried to separate sex from it.  I don't know.  I'd just like to try it again: hanging out, doing things together, having fun, only now with a non-zero chance of smooches!
 I really do!
 Hah hah hah!
 How AGREEABLE.
 Anyway!  Relationships are for the young and the criminally insane.  What's of real importance is that I saw a car dealership ad yesterday advertising that "no reasonable offer will be refused&quot;!
 Well, yeah!
 Oooh, ads like that burn my biscuits.  Of course they're not going to refuse a reasonable offer!  That's what makes it so reasonable!  And worse, since "reasonable&quot; can be a very subjective word, it's not really saying anything beyond &quot;Hey, I won't refuse an offer for reasons that I personally find irrational.&quot;
Utahraptor: It sounds like you've put a lot of thought into this, T-Rex!
 It's a thought fueled by rage!!
 It just bothers me that they're trying to make it sounds like a big thing when it's just business as usual!  That's deceptive.
 So annoying! Plus, I saw this other ad on the same day that said "everyone approved O.A.C.&quot;
 O.A.C. stands for "on approved credit&quot;!  Everyone's approved if they're approved?!  Aaargh!
 I could make some joke about tautological advertisements, but I find them too annoying to laugh at right now.
 Self-doubt!
 While it can occasionally help us re-evaluate bad ideas, it can also be crippling. People who are too self-doubting can become (figuratively)
Utahraptor: Why all this talk about self-doubt, T-Rex? Are YOU self-doubting?
 Hah, of course not!
 Besides, if I was, it would be self-skepticism, not self-doubt. Doubt can be irrational and unfounded, but skepticism relies on a critical evaluation of the facts at hand, and an informed judgment of their merit.
 No, but I don't have any doubt in myself, see?
 T-Rex rules the schools!
 I cannot stress this enough!!
 Unlike SOME people, I like it when I have a dumb song stuck in my head!
 Dayyyy o!
 Me say dayyy o!
 Daylight come and me wan' go home!
 Come Mr. Tally Man, tally me banana!
Dromiceiomimus: Aw, T-Rex! Now I'll have that song stuck in my head ALL DAY.
 Day! Me say day me say day me say dayyyyyy o!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! Cut it out!
 W- Okay! Okay! Sheesh. Now I'm in a bad mood, thanks to you. Satisfied?
 {{small text}} dayyyyyyy o
 Aww, look at the big baby! Baby wants his bottle!
 Josh Whedon (or whatever he's calling himself this week) totally just downloads fan fiction and says, "Eh, good enough.&quot; That's why Willow and Tara are lesbians!
 You don't know that!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, bi-
 You don't know that!
 Yes, well - Utahraptor.
 My friend died.
 Aww!
 Come 'ere, you!
 Where does knowledge come from? Does it derive from our obsercations of the world, or could it possibly be... innate?
 Let's settle this question once and for all!
 I mean that all knowledge can be derived just by thinking about it!  That it can be deduced from just a few axioms that we all start out with, such as a knowledge of self and an understanding of causality.
Utahraptor: This seems like a position one would take only if one wanted to hear one's own voice, T-Rex!
 Not even!
 Well perhaps it is!
 Oh ho, I'm sorry, is it BITCHY in here?
 I mean witty?
 Are you having trouble programming your computer?
 Let me give you a few pointers!
 It was an... indirect reference?
 Don't worry - they're the least significant bit of my speech. Oh ho!
Utahraptor: Aren't pointers programming tools, T-Rex?
 They are!
 They allow one to reference the address of data, instead of the data itself.  It's like how knowing someone's phone number lets you get in touch with them personally!  Hence the delightful "indirect reference&quot; pun.
 Everyone!  Program harder!!
 let us discus public spaces, such as parks and sidewalks! Does nobody own them? Or, are they in fact owned... by everybody?
 An interesting distinction, if I do say so myself!
 If nobody is seen as owning a public space, then nobody is motivated to care for it, and so care falls to the government. Spaces become bland and inoffensive, due to the nature of governance! However, if everyone owns them, then everyone can take care of them, and they can become vibrant and challenging.
 Challenging ARTISTICALLY.
 People could put up posters and stuff on telephone poles, along with ads! And anything that anyone didn't like, they could take down. It would be an anarchic art show or something!
 I'll show you!
 Argh! Friggin' yoga schools!
 This is not the first time in my life I've had incident to shout this!!
 Today...
 *sigh*
 Today, I am troubled.
 Troubled by thoughts of my own mortality!
 What if I don't live forever?  Then there would be no more T-Rex - no more me!
 I would be gone!
 Have I done anything worthwhile with my life?
 That is our ultimate destiny?
T-Rex (thinking): I hope people like my bones!
 We can only imagine what it must have been like -
 the conversation!
 - during that time period. In one place were gathered the T-Rex, Utahraptor, and Dromiceiomimus - together, in one location, the greatest minds of our time.
 "I recall we talked about T-Rex a lot,&quot; Utahraptor once famously remarked.
 I'm working on a group biography about us! But get this: I'm going to bury it when it's finished, so when it's discovered, it will be published for SURE. It'll be historical!
 History does not record, unfortunately, what must have been a stellar retort on the part of T-Rex. Of this, however, we can be certain: he was an awesome dude. One is advised to tell one's friends!
 Many people believe "woman&quot; is a sexist term, due to its apparent base in the word &quot;man&quot;! This has led to crazy alternative spellings like &quot;womyn&quot; and even &quot;wimmen&quot;.
 However, this is not the case!
 The word originally derives from the old English "wifmann&quot;, where &quot;wif&quot; meant &quot;female&quot; and &quot;mann&quot; meant a person of either sex: thus, a female human!
 Nope! It derives from the Latin "humanus&quot; (earthling), from &quot;humus&quot; (earth, soil)!
 Exactly!
 We can still see this today in words like "werewolf&quot;, which means, literally, a manwolf.
 According to me: yes!
 This is why I spell the word "wheirwolf&quot;, and why I ask that you do the same! You wouldn't want to be SEXIST, would you?
 You'd also be respecting my unique worldview!
 Have you ever noticed that summer is when pretty girls come out?
 I suspect that you have, because it's totally true!
 I also suspect that I'm not supposed to notice - but wow!  There are pretty girls EVERYWHERE.  They're just walking around, chatting with their friends, being attractive.  I like to look at them!  They're so pretty!
 How so?
 Hah hah! I would be like, "Hello!&quot;
 I'd lick my lips while I said, "Hello!&quot;
 Here is a list of things to do while waiting in an airport!
 Fall asleep, wonder how your life brought you here, stare at clock, stare at own fingers, MAYBE stare at fingers of others.
 Tha-
 That's pretty much it!
Utahraptor: There's probably more things that you can do in an airport, T-Rex!
 I can't think of any right now!
 Or talking, for that matter?
 In other news, being cognizant is so totally sweet!
 Expiry dates on food and juice products?
 WHATever!
 Counterpoint! I drank some recently-expired juice yesterday, and it was exceedingly delicious. The only reason people have such faith in expiry dates if because of the Star Trek TV shows!
Utahraptor: T- That's not an explanation, T-Rex.
 Whenever there's a problem, their computer is always all "15 seconds until fatal radiation exposure&quot;, as though if you get 14, you're fine, and if you get 16, you're dead for sure! Expiry dates, like those on ST:TNG, are false and needlessly strict.
 It's different when you do it! Sheesh! 
 Also what?
 Today is a good day I think to talk about pretension!
 Pretension! Ah, pretension!
 Where would we be without pretension? We'd be short a few critical essays on Leonard Cohen, that's for sure.
 Nothing! Of course!
 Alas, it's true!
 I'd like to set up some authority for pretension, but that itself would be pretentious.
 Heck, I've got the time!
 I'm UNEMPLOYABLE.
  People who cut me off on the road are usually taxi drivers.  The two acidents I've had have both been hit and runs where I'm the one hit, and they've both been with taxis.
  I think I'm becoming racist against taxi drivers!
Dromiceiomimus:  I don't think it's called racism if it's against a heterogenous group like taxi drivers, T-Rex.
  Nevertheless, it's the same emotion, the same irrational distaste!  I don't know what else to call it!  I'm PREJUDICED.  It's terrible!
  Of course I would!
  I jsut wouldn't like it if they showed up in my living room in their cab, that's all.
  In other news, I'm now also racist against that phrase!
 There's a lot I don't know about being a professional chef.  There's a lot I don't know about a lot of things!
Dromiceiomimus: What do you know about building a car out of cardboard, T-Rex?
 Does it have to work?
 Nothing!  Oh man, I wouldn't even know where to start!
 I know they conduct... semi- well?
 Oh, it's true!  I'll probably NEVER know everything about everything at this rate.  Time to fall back to Plan B!
 Looks like I'm still the world authority on myself, everyone!  Go ahead!
 Ask me ANYTHING.
 Oh man, let's talk about zombies! They're the coolest by far!
 PHILOSOPHICAL zombies, that is!
 While that WOULD likely be more fun to talk about, I am instead referring to the idea of a person who acts externally like a real, sentient person, but who actuall lacks consciousness. A mental zombie! A philosophical zombie.
 Sure do! But inside they are DEAD.
 You must admit that it makes the whole debate a lot more interesting.
 Well, they probably could, if they wanted!
 We all probably could, if we wanted.
 You know?
 I'm instantly convinced that I could!
 How hard can it be to chew and swallow 12 desiccated dry and salty crackers in under a minute?
Dromiceiomimus: Oh, the Saltine Challenge!  It's actually really hard, T-Rex.  Your mouth is going to dry out and you'll find it impossible to swallow.
 Come on.  I've heard THAT before!
 Absolutely!
 I'm so convinced in my own abilities that I'll bet you FIVE DOLLARS that I'll pull this one off.
 My body has failed me for the first time ever!
 Also, I'm not sure how I feel about competitive eating.
 Well, my dog ran away. I know!
 Can you believe it?
 I guess some people just aren't cut out for having pets!
 I said, I guess some people just aren't cut out for having pets!
Utahraptor: I agree, T-Rex; I think you are to blame here.
 I say I am not!
 My dog ran away by his own free will!
 Man, if I were sent back in time 200 years, I could easily make myself into a serious king by "inventing&quot; things two hundred years too early!
 Easily!
 I couldn't invent penicillin because I don't know what mold is used, but I could do stuff with electricity!  Like... magnetically levitated trains?  Oooh, and electric fly swatters!
 With our powers combined, we'd be unstoppable!
 Why not?
 Dude!!
  We could also invent women's rights, and then totally take all the credit for it!
 Hot enough for you?
 IS IT ADJECTIVE ENOUGH FOR YOU??
 Oooh, and that one in which, after stumbling, one is advised to have a nice trip, and offered hope of a reunion come autumn!
Utahraptor: Hey, how's the weather up there, T-Rex?
 Aggravating! Thanks!!
 Also, these martinis are more like marTINIES!
 Ho ho!
 (I actually REALLY like that one!)
 Man, it sure has been a long December! Maybe this year will be better than the last.
 The days sure do go by so fast!
 Hey Dromiceiomimus, do you think that I could be forgiven? I wish you would!
Dromiceiomimus: Aw no, not this again. Come on T-Rex, passing off lyrics as conversations ONLY AMUSES YOURSELF.
 I-is that a light attaching to you?
 Anyway,  I guess It's just one more day up in the canyons for me!
Utahraptor: Boo on you, T-Rex!
 What? Dude it's been so long since I've seen the ocean.
 It's a song?!
 Holy shit, what are the odds?
  I think I'll go visit some places overseas.  Why not? I could plan a trip to the island nation of Australia!
  The worst that could happen is ADVENTURES!
Dromeciomimus:  Why Australia, T-Rex?  Are you intrigued by its myriad tourist attractions and locations of geographical splendour, including the Outback, coastal reefs, tropical rain-forests, crocodile farms, and the beaches?
  Not to mention the many stunning parks of natural beauty, populated by unique, rare and tasty animals!
  I know!
  Seriously?  Wow, I guess you're right, huh?  Huh!  Well, that really puts my travel plans in perspective.
 I think that there's no animal more symbolic than birds.  They're so SAD!
  Yeah, that's true.  but whenever birds settle in an environment where there are no predators, the first thing they lose is their ability to fly.  It seems the evolutionary purpose of flight is simply to avoid being eaten!
Utahraptor: And that's sad, T-Rex?
 The idea of birds forgetting how to fly? Yeah, that's sad!
 And man, imagine a pure white bird, a father of two baby chicks, lying dead and motionless on the sidewalk, killed because it flew into an office window? That's SUPER sad!
 Go on, imagine it as hard as you can!
T-Rex " Utahraptor: Awwwwwwwwwwwww!
 There are some people who identify not as gay or straight or bisexual or what have you, but rather as asexual.  I find this really interesting!
 It must be so different!
 Some don't find themselves sexually attracted to anyone, while others do, but find all they want in friendship and have no desire to add kissing to the mix.
 I do, because it's so far removed from my own experience.  I'm ALL ABOUT adding kissing to the mix! It's what I do best!
Utahraptor: Have you ever met any asexual people, T-Rex?
 Nope!
 Well - it's a fine line! I'm not asexual myself, so there's a distance between myself and the material.  But I am trying.
 I feel - fine!  Focused!
 Heck, I probably wasn't going to kiss anyone this month ANYWAY.
 It's not often you can see how language is evolving, but you can totally see it today with make and female nouns.
 It's the coolest!
 Some pairs (like "prince&quot; and &quot;princess' are complete accepted, while others (like teacher and &quot;teacheress&quot;) seem insanely sexist and out of date. It depends on the word!
 I know! But maybe one day people will think that about "princesses&quot;. Or MAYBE they'll wonder how we got by without the word &quot;astronautrix&quot;!
 The coolest of all these words, though, are clearly those on the threshold of acceptability.
 Oh, "actress&quot; and &quot;stewardess&quot;, I guess - words which some people will use without hesistation, but which others will call sexist. There's no consensus!
 Looks like you've come down on the side of "gendered professional nouns have their occasional uses&quot;! 
 T- That's cool, man.
 Are we still friends?
 I find age of consent laws pretty interesting because, for something so basic, they sure vary a lot from place to place!  Again, they're something for which there is no consensus.  Is that a pun? Consensus?  That wasn't meant to be a pun.
  ANYWAY!
 Most people agree that a 26-year-old should be able to consent to sex, while a child should be protected from sexual predators, but where we legally draw that line is contentious!  Some places allow 12-year-olds to consent to sex, while others believe that even people in their early twenties are unable to give knowledgeable consent to the INTERCOURSE.
 Dangerous how?
 What? I haven't mentioned anything that would make people say that!  I'm talking about legal ages of consent!
 Though... why would I be talking about this if I wasn't a pedophile? Ah, yes.
 Well played, my friend!  Well played!
 In "The Divine Comedy&quot;, this thirteenth century dude Dante describes all these circles of Hell where the wicked spend eternity for being so wicked.
 Pretty heady stuff!
 Anyway, what's remarkable is that Dante puts both homosexuals and money lenders in the same circle! He thought both were unnatural: interest makes something (money) from nothing (no action on the lender's part), while homosexuals make nothing (hot gay action doesn't count!) from something (their reproductive organs).
 It's in the book!
 Well MAYBE he wrote in his diary that he did agree, and I've read his diary!
 Dude! You're not allowed to lie to your own diary!
 A- Are you?
 My stars, I have been so busy lately.  And it continues!  Up to Friday is going to be KRAZY for me.
 Notice the 'k'!
 The 'k' indicates extra kraziness, Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus: I'm glad you specified that, T-Rex.
 I value our friendship, Dromiceiomimus.
Dromiceiomimus: You've said that before, T-Rex.
 Well!  That was an unusual interaction!
 I'm not sure I can!  I'd have to explain a lot about us in order for me to articulate why it seemed so unusual.  I'm guessing she was just upset with something else, and wasn't in the mood for any of my shenanigans?
 DROMICEIOMIMUS!  ARE YOU UPSET WITH ME AND IF SO WHY?
 DROMICEIOMIMUS!  CAN WE SHOUT FOR A BIT
 I wonder what's bothering the Utahraptor? He totally "wigged out&quot; on me yesterday.
 What a great expression!
 Did you hear? The Utahraptor totally "wigged out&quot; on me yesterday!
 He totally did!
 Yesterday!
 Yesterday, he "wigged out&quot;!
Utahraptor: Stop it, T-Rex!
 How long have you been standing there?
 Don't make me choose!
 It's been warm and then hot and then uncomfortably hot and then warm again, which suggests to me that
 SUMMER HAS ARRIVED WOOOO!
 Dromiceiomimus, horray for summer!!  Would you like to come with me and Utahraptor to the cottage this weekend?
 Woohoo!  This promises to be the best weekend ever in the hisotry of time!
Utahraptor: Thanks for an awesome weekend, T-Rex!
 Aw, my pleasure!
 Hey, I got my pictures developed, by the way!
 You'll notice that one of my nipples is highlighted in several of the pictures!
 Just "FYI&quot;!
 I think sometimes that I am not a very good friend, because I don't have a very good idea of what is appropriate.
 I know! I am full of surprises!
 But it's true! I have trouble remembering the names of friends and tell jokes when I should be empathetic and understanding.  I'm just trying to cheer them up, but usually they want sympathy instead of rough chuckles!
Dromiceiomimus: Aww, you're not all bad, T-Rex!
 But I'm not perfect either! Hmm...
 Yes, that will be my new goal! I will become the perfect friend!
 Aha, I know you're only trying to point out the limitations of my plan, but it's to be the perfect FRIEND, not the perfect PUSHOVER.
 For instance, rather than taking out your garbage, I'll hang out with you and we can talk about entertainment franchises we have a shared interest in.  Do you like the recent Star Trek series?
 Hah, me neither!
 Time to talk more about my made-up country of Canada!
 In Canada, you get real winters AND real summers, and there's places where you can get winter all year round if that's your sort of thing!
Dromiceiomimus: Is that your sort of thing, T-Rex?
 That is HECK NO not my sort of thing, but I'm glad to know it's an option!
 Also, in Canada? Two chicks can totally get married!
 Finally, there is social liberalism and national pride, but not one that is predicated on making other countries seem worse.
 It - it does.  Well Heck!
Utahraptor: That's okay, T-Rex.
 I fucked up Canada!
 I had the coolest dream last night.  BATMAN was in it!  And ZOMBIES!
 It was entirely great!
 Okay, so Gotham City is infected with zombies, right?
 People start getting bit, dying, then getting up and feasting on the flesh of the living.  Batman and Robin are fighting them off as best they can, and while they're too fast and acrobatic to be touched, there's too many zombies to kill them all.  They start rescuing as many people as they can, taking them to the Batcave for safekeeping.  It's a good place because it's not only big, but protected and hidden!
 Well, soon the Batcave is getting pretty full!
 And at some point they've rescued this guy who's been bitten, but who's hidden it.  He dies, and the next time Batman and Robin come back to the Cave, they find that everyone inside is now a zombie!  Their effort has been entirely futile, and everyone they've rescued is dead.
 Batman FLIPS OUT!!
 And I wake up, the end!
  Today is a good day I think to talk about phlogiston!
  That's right! Phlogiston, bitches!
  Phlogiston was proposed as a scientific explanation for combustion!  It was clear that some things burned (like wood), while other things would not burn (like ash).  Phlogiston was a colorless, odourless and weightless substance that was contained in things that could burn.  When they burned, the phlogiston was released into the air!
  Yeah, but it totally worked for a while!
  It explained why if you burned things in a jar, they would go out:  the air can only hold so much phlogiston!  But it started to fall apart when people discovered that some things, like magnesium, actually gained mass when burned.
  Yeah!  That seemed a little TOO krazy.  But its actually pretty close to what we now believe, only backwards!
  (We believe materials are deoxygenated and become oxygenated when burning!)
 Copyright is intended to prevent others from ripping off your creations! It used to extend 28 years after you created something, giving you a chance to profit while ensuring good ideas would eventually enter the public domain.
 However, lately it's gotten pretty ridiculous!
 Copyright extensions have pushed this protection up to the length of your life plus 70 years and beyond - basically, whenever Micky Mouse is due to enter the public domain, copyright law is extended.  It's unfair and it restricts creativity!
 Well!
 With these insanely long copyright laws, there is no new public domain, and our modern culture is owned and put in private hands! It ensures you can't build on anything that's been created in the past 70 years.
 I just think we're approaching a state of perpetual copyright, and that this could interfere with my bhangra remixes of pop songs.
 I mean my non-bhangra remixes, of course!
 THEY'RE GOOD
 Oh man, I'm gonna work the phrase "little lower, little slower&quot; into every conversation I have today!
 Hee hee! It's a good day to be T-Rex!
 So I was at the dentist today, and he was all cleaning my teeth, and I was like, "little lower...little slower!&quot;
 He cleaned my bottom teeth!
Utahraptor: Hey there, T-Rex!
 Little lower, little slower!
 Wait, shoot , too soon. Can we start over, and you give me a hug or something?
 Incidentally, that would be a good phrase to say to an ex-girlfriend you're trying to hook up with! The "start over&quot; one, I mean. Um.
 Where'd everybody go?
 Wouldn't it be pretty okay to travel at speeds FASTER than that of LIGHT ITSELF??
 I submit that it would be pretty okay indeed!
 With that in mind, I'm going to design an engine that can make something go faster than light.
 Our current understanding will have to be UPDATED, pending my success!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, do you want a hand?  We could do it together!
 Sure! It'll be fun!
 Or PERHAPS we're not trying hard enough!  Let's work extra hard for a bit.
 Then, sandwiches!
 Imagine if I snuck up behind some guy and put a "kick me&quot; sign on his back, only instead of &quot;kick me&quot;, it said &quot;kiss me&quot;?  Hah hah!
 That is one dude who's going to get all the sweet makeouts!!
 And he would have no idea why suddenly all these people are making out with him!  From behind!
 Hee hee!  It's the ultimate prank!  I'm gonna do it.  Should I do it?  I'm gonna do it.
Dromiceiomimus: Do it, T-Rex!
 But, on the other hand, putting a "kiss me&quot; sign on someone's back would be EXTREMELY CRAZY!
 Hah, you think I should do it?
 Let's ask past T-Rex what he thinks!
 Do it, dude!!
 There sure is a lot I don't know about ...
 CLINICAL DEPRESSION!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, you shouldn't joke about clinical depression (major depressive disorder)!  It's not very funny.
 I'm not! I'm just saying that there's a lot I don't know about it.  How do you deal with it?  How do you best support a friend who is dealing with it? I have NO IDEA.
 I agree!! I am a model for us all.
 So! Depression?
Utahraptor: I don't know much about it either, T-Rex!  I think you'll have to do your own research on this one.
 Aw boo! Researching things, much like the mental illness of depression, is for chumps!
 Oh man, I should not have said that depression is for chumps.  That's like the worst thing you can say to a depressed person!
 SHEESH, T-Rex!
 I have been compiling a list that I think might be of value!
 What I have compiled is nothing less than...
 A list of phrases you should never say because nothing good will ever come of them!
 First on the list: "What do you mean you don't love me?&quot;
 See what I mean?
 Oh?
 Yikes.
 Geez, man...
 Thanks for the tip!
 Okay, so hypothetical situation: let's say you've got two friends who used to totally date each other but now they're broken up, and neither wants to see the other anymore!
 Oops!!
 The problem this raises for you, as a friend, is who do you invite to parties and such? Do you alternate invitations between events? Invite both friends and assume either they'll work out amongst themselves who's going, or you'll get to see some sparks fly?
 It's true!
 But what if they want you to do conflicting things?
 I like to be prepared!
 There's this crazy rash I've got on my wrist. This is an unwelcome development that I did not invite!
 Forget you, crazy rash! 
 I am a firm believer in the "do nothing and your problems will take care of themselves&quot; school of problem solving. 
Utahraptor: Has this technique ever solved ANY of your problems, T-Rex? 
 All the time! 
 Like this one time, I had to pay my phone bill, but it's sort of a pain to mail stuff, you know? So I just waited and waited and eventually a collections agency called ME, and they let me pay my bill over the phone! 
 It was amazing! 
 ATTENTION, MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS!!
 Why don't you call?
 Has anyone ever heard of a book series called, oh I don't know...  "HARRY POTTER&quot;?!
 Dude, because I totally have!
 And did you know, Dromiceiomimus that in the most recent book Harry's friend RON WEASLEY ends up asphyxiated on the moon?
 Yes!  The moon!  There's no air up there so it makes sense that he ends up asphyxiated.
Utahraptor: You're ruining the book for everyone, T-Rex!
 No way, Jose!
 Did you know that during a Quiddich match, it turns out that one of Harry's teachers is a vampire?
 And who could forget the twist ending revealed in the last sentence of the book?  "Actually, everyone in this story is a vampire!&quot;?
 Have you read it?
 It's so hot out today! So hot!
 So hot!!
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex, do you want to go see a movie with me?
 To escape the heat!
 Yes! I've always wanted to do that.  For some reason, I've always wanted to be one of those people who does that!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, want to go see a movie with me?
 Aww, sorry, I just saw one!
 Dromiceiomimus and I went to escape the heat!
 Ridiculous! The movie needed way more EXPLOSIONS.
 Saying "the movie needed more explosions&quot; is my polite way to suggest that the film was a romantic comedy, by the way!
 I find that most movies need way more explosions, though.
 You know?
 I totally went out to fancy dinner with friends last night! It was a lot of fun and the food was extremely delicious. 
 I also left a big tip, so as not to appear NIGGARDLY!
 Eh? Would you say you find something COMMENT-WORTHY in my speech, Dromiceiomimus?
 Aw man! Maybe - maybe pretend you don't?
Utahraptor: You were just looking for controversy, T-Rex!
 It's true, it's true!
 But my plan was to educate! When people called me on "niggardly&quot;, I was going to explain how it most likely derives from the Scandinavian &quot;nig&quot; (miserly), and in fact pre-dates any similar racially-charged words by hundreds of years!
 Hey there! How's everyone doing? Say, that river sure is getting high, huh? Maybe someone should put a DYKE up around it!
 Eh? Eh?
 Homophobia?
 What a beautiful summer's day! A good day for me to PARTY DOWN and shout "Wooooooo!&quot;, I think!
 Wait, I can do better.
 *ahem*
 WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Dromiceiomimus: Whoah, T-Rex! Use your indoor voice - you don't have to be so loud!
 "Indoor voice&quot;?! We're outside, Dromiceiomimus! Anyway, if we were indoors right now, I'm pretty sure I'd be just as loud and proud as ever!
 In that order!
Utahraptor: "Indoor voice&quot; refers to the situation inside a house, where others are sleeping and stuff! There's a whole context there, T-Rex!
 Man, context is for suckers! And with that revelation, I don't see how the term "indoor voice&quot; on its own can mean anything at all!
 That's right! I'm questioning the very IDEA of an "indoor voice&quot;! The revolution begins here!
 The revolution has ended due to lack of interest!
 So how do people do it? How do people choose a direction in their life, I mean!
 It seems pretty hard!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, T-Rex, I think most people choose a direction they want to go in, a job they'd like to do, and then work toward it.
 Yeah, but what if you finally get that job, and it's not all you hoped? What if it sort of sucks?
 Yeah, but man!
 Being unemployed was sort of the dream, but now I realize that it just leaves me with a lot of free time, and I feel useless and unaccomplished at the end of the day!
 But being unemployed isn't sucky all the time, just some of the time! I don't know! I'm pooched, man! I'm pooched!
 Being pooched is akin to being screwed!
 Now you know!
 So sometimes I have these little secrets, yes?
 Yes!
 And SOMETIMES these little secrets accidentally become BIG SECRETS, because I never told the people I should have about them and it's too late now.
 I'm not thinking of any in particular, actually!  Just the general case.
Utahraptor: Maybe you shouldn't keep so many secrets then, T-Rex!
 But I don't!
 They're just - you know how when you've forgotten somebody's name, and it's way too late to ask them now? It's like that with these little secrets.  You know what I mean?
 Am I the only one with these problems?
 Because if so, then I guess I get to work on my life management skills!
 D-Do people still talk about life management skills?
 Okay, so I've made a few runs at it and have never actually been able to travel back in time.  This I concede easily!  I totally dropped the time ball.
 But baby, I've got a good feeling about today!
Dromiceiomimus: Aw, T-Rex, why do you want to go back in time so much anyway? You've already been in the past; you know what it's like!
 My own life doesn't count, and besides I could go back in time and CHANGE things! Like your breakfast today: wasn't it delicious? Don't you wish you could have had that breakfast YESTERDAY?
 Mmm?
 I would not!!
 Besides, it's not YOUR timeline.  It's EVERYONE's timeline.  We have to share it.
 Fine! FINE. I'll take everyone back in time with me.  WHY NOT. HOW HARD WOULD IT BE TO TAKE EVERYONE BACK IN TIME.
 IT WAS ACTUALLY NOT THAT HARD
 Aw, shoot!
 Did that fix time? I don't think that fixed time!
 Well! I guess our only hope is to focus all of our willpower on changing things back to normal!
 I believe that MAYBE it could? It's not like we have too many options! Let's do it!
 I feel the same!
 Broken timeflows are crazy! I'm sorry! Maybe we can fix it with wishes?
 I don't think that fixed ANYTHING, man! Things are as messed up as ever!
 Also, my head hurts and I feel like making puns involving the word "watch&quot;!
 Today is a good day I think for going to all-you-can-eat restaurants!
 Imagine...
 All I can eat!
 As a T-Rex, I appreciate being able to gorge myself for one low price.
 indeed!
 *gasp*
 I have not!
 I'm going to eat SO MANY WINGS!
[[T-Rex's line in thought-bubble; partly obscures Utahraptor's screed]]
 Wow, it's great to be back in a timeframe that ISN"T beyond recognition! Is this the last time I will ever have incident to say that sentence?
 Here's hoping!
 How are you feeling, Dromiceiomimus?
 I don't know! PROBABLY I'm just lucky.
Utahraptor: I think she raises a good point, T-Rex!
 About time travel and space?
 Dude, I simply employed lots of ingenuity and cleverness! SO much.
 The REAL question is, why's everyone getting all up in my fries? Is there something particularly more attractive about my fries today?
 Discuss!
 Today is a good day I think to talk about HINDUISM.
 In Hinduism, there are many gods and aspects of gods, and many of these divinities are sexual. It's true! Some even have sex in the woods with regular mortals just for the fun of it! In conclusion, Hinduism is a famous religion, plus, sexual congress.
Utahraptor: T-Rex!!
 What?!
 I do that with all major world religions though! For example, Christianity?
 Mary Magdalene?
 Eh?
 Some religious scholars believe she and the historical Jesus were more than "just friends&quot;?
 Ah, the great Library of Alexandria! A repository of learning founded in the 3rd century BC, this library has become a powerful symbol for knowledge.
 Especially since it was destroyed by fire or maybe looting a few centuries later.
 Oh, what knowledge we have lost! What revelations were written on those ancient papyrus scrolls, now entirely beyond our grasp? With this lost information, could the industrial revolution have arrived a thousand years earlier? The only answer I can offer is an enthusiastic "perhaps!&quot; followed by a wide-eyed &quot;who knows??&quot;
Utahraptor: Whoah, I think you're putting to much into this, T-Rex!
 It was a pretty great library!
 You're saying that by building up the legend, I do a disservice to the actual libraries? Well, I've got news for you, my friend!
 Um!
 The news is, you make some convincing arguments!
 Ah, to be a child again! To have no responsibilities! To have a high metabolism that allows me to eat whatever I want!
 To chase after birds in the park, wearing nothing but a grin!
 Well - after being small and irresponsibly eating a lot, yeah.
Dromiceiomimus: That's pretty weird, T-Rex!
 It's not THAT weird, is it?
 Hah! I deny all these scurrilous allegations!
 There's no shame in that! I do everything naked!
 Science is based upon hypotheses, conclusions and theories formed via repeated observations and experiments!
 This allows us to fashion an empirical and verifiable understanding of the world around us.  Theories are said to be correct if they match up with the observed properties of the universe! However, science makes the tacit assumption that the universe is predictable and orderly and regular, which MAY NOT BE THE CASE.
 I ask the question: what if some of the theories and laws of science were merely statistical?
 Well, we say the speed of light is about 300,000 km/s, because it's been that every time we've measured it.  But what if there's a small chance that sometimes, the speed of light can just - change?
 Yeah man! In such a universe, science totally fails!
 Dead WRONG!
 About science?
  You know what would answer the very important question of "who is the manliest?&quot;
  None other than a manliness contest!  Heck yes!
  Dromiceiomimus, I'm so manly that I crack open walnuts for old ladies with my pectoral muscles!
  We both understand we're using manliness as an archetype, and that your claims to manliness do not reflect upon your ideas of femininity, or of normative gender.  In any case!
  I'm so manly that I pound nails into the wall with my bare hands!
  Oh yeah?  Well I'M so manly that I do that too, WHILE IMPREGNATING MY GIRLFRIEND.
  Pretty manly!
  AND pretty consequential!
 What do you call fifteen PROFESSION MEMBERS buried up to their necks in sand?
 Not enough sand!
 Why?
 Hah! Ouch for PROFESSION MEMBERS, and their stereotype!
 We are!
 Why?
 Hah hah! Oh, those PROFESSION MEMBERS!
 They're not like us!
 I'm not hotted out by women who continue to wear high heels while getting increasingly naked.
 I'm just not!
 I have a Theory about conventional western civilization being infatuated with a cartoonish idea of femininity.
 Well, you look at the women shown as being attractive in the media, and what do you see? An exaggerated female stereotype, with all of the womanly characteristics underlined and highlighted.
 It's as if guys are so afraid of being called gay, they go for the most capital-w Woman they can find!
 I don't think so, man! I think it's a side-effect of homophobia in the media.
 Okay! How about with "womanly characteristics&quot;?
 Isn't that an odd and frankly creepy way to describe something? "I'm really interested in your womanly characteristics, darling.&quot;
 "What are they like&quot;
 "What are they like&quot;
 Ah, solipsism. The belief that only one's self exists! Everything and everyone else are just a projection of my imagination. I made them up! Who invented all the arts and sciences?
 Why, Apparently, it's me - T-Rex!
 Probably I just want to make things more interesting!
 That makes me sound pretty messed up, but yeah! I guess!
 I can't make  you dance, that's true!
 Dude, I gain the knowledge that if I die, the rest of the universe dies with me. Woo hoo!
 (This makes me super important!)
 Utilitarianism is an ethical system in which you always act to minimize pain and increase happiness!  This is the perfect system for me, as I am ALL ABOUT increasing happiness.
 Dromiceiomimus, I am crushing this house because, holy, what if the people inside are really sad about something? By smushing them, I increase net happiness on the planet over the long term, because they won't be sad anymore, ALSO, stomping makes me happy.  Net happiness: increased!
 We could debate it, but that might make me very sad.
Utahraptor: You must realize that this isn't a fair application of utilitarianism, T-Rex!
 I must?
 I like this phrase, "pleasure calculus&quot;.
 Is it truly as erotic as advertised?
 Knowing that the Utahraptor and I have had an illicit affair has put a new spin on our relation. I hope the easy camaraderie we share will not be lost.
 I also hope I was the one who ended it.
 What about all the good times we shared? How can you be so cold-blooded? Or was that a lie too?
 That was indeed a difficult breakup. I'd prefer to be the person ending it, given the choice!
 Eh?
T-Rex (thinking): It's such a little thing to weep, so short a thing to sigh; And yet by trades the size of these We men and women die! - Emily Dickinson
 Oh oh. . .
 Cover your eyes!
 Alright, I'm a plumber come to "fix your pipes&quot; but you have no money! Also you're Asian.
 Perhaps through... sexual intercourse?
 Whew! 
 That was graphic!
 Wait... why do you need sugar?
 Oh my goodness!
 Is this the face of exploitation?
 Hooray!!
 Oh man, do I ever love parties! And parties held at this particular house are always the BEST EVER.
 I know! It makes me feel like a member of a community, plus, I can meet new and attractive lady dinosaurs!
 Man, we're going!
 My friend, tonight not only do we get to party, but we get to party while eating free delicious snacks!
 Okay!
 Wait, what?
 Rejected?!
 The heck?! I was way better than most of the people there!  It's discrimination!
Dromiceiomimus: Aww, I'm sorry, T-Rex! But how do you know it's discrimination?
 I was told that "someone of my *ahem* 'stature' didn't belong under stage lights&quot;. For crying out loud!
Utahraptor: I'm sorry too, T-Rex!
 It's so aggravating!
 They wanted a short orange guy and I gave them a tall green guy, and they threw me to the curb!
 That was muchas delicious but did little to resolve the disparate issues raised by today's events!
 I bet that if I was absolutely, universally, honest and never told anyone even a tiny lie again, I'd become the most popular and respected dude ever!  I would probably become known as "Cap'n Honest&quot;.
 Good thing anything that ends up with someone getting a new nickname is worth doing!
 So! Dromiceiomimus, assuming you and I share the same general reference point, a similar set of aesthetics, plus senses and ways of interpreting those senses that can be trusted, it appears to be a very pleasant day today!
Dromiceiomimus: Yes it does, T-Rex!
 I believe that I believe that it may or may not be a nice day for stomping on things.  Yes!
 You do?
 Oh, it's true! The only viable solution is to never speak again!
 How come everything's so EXPENSIVE?
 Seriously everyone! How come?
Dromiceiomimus: Everything's not THAT expensive, T-Rex.
 I don't know, Dromiceiomimus, everything seems pretty expensive to me! It's becoming clear though that my sense of what a good deal is froze when I was about fourteen years old. Inflation since then causes my sense of being ripped off to increase daily!
 Oh, it's already begun!
 Look at me, I'm complaining about the present by comparing it to how things were back in my day! I'm stereotypically OLD, Utahraptor.
 Great, actually!
 I feel like eating food carefully AND interacting with technology in ways that would be embarrassing to any younger people I'm with!
 (Thereby fulfilling the stereotype as I understand it!)
 I just realized that if the universe lasts forever - infinitely forever - then anything that CAN happen WILL happen! It has to because of infinite time!
 Infinite time! Kick ASS!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex, isn't the current scientific thinking that the universe will expand forever, but in doing so become a lifeless frozen expanse just above absolute zero due to increases in entropy?
 But Dromiceiomimus - infinite time! That means that the possibilities are ENDLESS! There must be a timeframe where we're all pirates or whatever.
 Dude! INFINITE time. Things get CRAZY.
Utahraptor: I understand the concept, T-Rex! But while it's true that things with small probabilities would be guaranteed to occur, things with zero probability still wouldn't take place, even with infinite time! And I don't see how you're going to get around the entropy problem.
 Yes, but -
 - our understanding of entropy could be wrong!
 That's true!
 Oh shoot, it's so easy!
 AND so fun! AND a recipe for a one-man party!
 Okay, so the first secret to being patronizing is to react to everything people do with an aloof amusement, as if it's so PRECIOUS that they did something all on their own.  Aren't you just so SPECIAL, Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: Nobody wants to be patronized to, T-Rex.
 Aw, sure they do, Dromiceiomimus! Here, let me give you a pat on the head.  You've earned it!
 Another great secret is to call people "Champ&quot;.
Utahraptor: Seriously, T-Rex. Knock it off.
 What's up, Champ? Something bothering you?
 Don't you worry about it, Champ!  Here, have some Lego.  If you try super hard, you can get some to stick together!
 Aww, don't worry Champ! Not everyone gets it on their first try!
  Anyway, forget infinite time!  I have a better idea.  What if this universe is just one . . . of many?
  Okay, people have had my awesome idea before.  BUT!
  BUT, my idea is actually DIFFERENT.  Because what if these universes all exist at once, right now, regularly spaced throughout an inifinitely-huge multiverse?  Instead of infinite time, infinite space.  Then trillions and trillions of kilometres away from me in every direction is another universe, with another me!
  Infinite high fives all around!
Utahraptor:  I think this idea has been put forward before, T-Rex!
  What?  Not again!
  Friggin' scientists!
  How do they come up with all my ideas before I even articulate them?  
  Man!
  These guys are on the BALL!
 Hah hah! Yep!
 They were FINE. It's a slide! People are meant to fall down it!
 I was tired?
 I don't know! It's in the attic. You can clean it out if you want!
 Aww! A touching ending!
 Also, this one time? I ate a whole lasagna before dinner but my parents got me in heaps of trouble.
 Sociopaths view other people as obstacles.
 Isn't that WEIRD?
 Hah!  There's a lot of crazy things about sociopaths.  The whole callous unconcern for the feeling of others, incapacity to feel guilt and to profit from past experience, and disregard for social norms, for example!
 No reason!
 Certainly no SOCIOPATHIC reason, Utahraptor.
 Certainly no SOCIOPATHIC reason.
 Hah hah!  Come'ere you, I was just fooling around!
 GIVE ME A HUG.
 Who is the best at eatin' cupcakes? The probable answer is T-Rex, because my goodness I ate seven cupcakes yesterday all in a row!
 And guys I wasn't even trying that hard!
 Ah, Dromiceiomimus, that's actually "better at it than I&quot;. An easy way to remember is to include the &quot;to be&quot; verb you're dropping: &quot;better at it than I am&quot; sounds right, while &quot;better at it than me am&quot; does not! Easy!
Utahraptor: Geez, that was kind of rude, T-Rex!
 It wasn't meant to be!
 It's true! Plus, you've got to be eternally vigilant with your own grammar, lest you mess up yourself.
 And yet, I do it freely!! That's because I live on the edge, Utahraptor.
 That's because, some days, I take an envelope out of hte box and I PUSH IT.
 Here's a question to ask myself:
 "Why am I here?&quot;
 The answer?
 I have no {{censored}} clue!
 Sorry.
 My point is -
 Yes I just swore! I said - 
 FINE.
T-Rex {{thought bubble}}: {{censored}} {{censored}} {{censored}} {{censored}} {{censored}} mother {{censored}}!!
 I just got off a bus featuring the World's Cryiest Baby. Oh man, what a relief!
 Here's a tip: SOME babies need to learn to cry a little less!
Dromiceiomimus: That's a terrible thing to say, T-Rex! You can't blame a BABY for crying!
 I know, I know! I was just a little irritable and making jokes.  I don't actually blame the baby, Dromiceiomimus!
 No!!
 I just wish it'd cried less.  I'm sure if the baby and I got to know each other, we could be friends!
 No man! I love babies! Some of my best friends used to be babies!
 Why would you even say that?! I'm the only one that can hear you!
 Hello everybody!  I'm back in the present, after going way the heck back in time to kill a great dictator for the common good!
 Now, to convince my friends that I'm not coo-coo KRAZY!
 Dromiceiomimus, I'm back from the past, where I've changed the timeline to remove someone bad from history!  Isn't that PLAUSIBLE?
 My only evidence is how incredibly plausible my story is.  I would rate it: super plausible!
 Oh yeah?
 Go ahead, ask me anything.  I bet I'll get it wrong!
 You know what's dumb?  Not believing my incredibly plausible story!
 WHAT THE HELL.
 Aw man! What do you want?
 T-That's actually a really interesting question!
Utahraptor: Which is, T-Rex?
 The question the Devil just asked me about "orphaned games!&quot;
 It's actually just a subset of the larger problem of orphaned works still under copyright.  How can such works be dealt with when it's impossible or prohibitively expensive to figure out who owns the rights?
 But - copyright laws as applied to software IS really interesting! Come on!
 I think I put too much symbolism into random encounters with people I meet on the street! I see them as a microcosm for larger society.
 It is a problem with me!
 FOR EXAMPLE: the other day I saw some kids who had dropped their bag of marbles. It was a stereotypical image of childhood! But when I stopped to help them pick them up, they said, "No, don't touch them please.&quot;
 Ouch, man! What went wrong? Can we no longer trust a stranger's helping hand?
Utahraptor: Sure we can, T-Rex!
 Well, these kids couldn't!
 My mood was off for the rest of the day because of it. I was worrying about communities and stuff!
 It's actually been on my to-do list for a while now, if you can believe that.
 Everyone! Be just like me!
 As I was drifting off to sleep last night, I rolled over and discovered there was a bug in my bed! With me! Right on my pillow!
 Ewwwwwwwwwwwww!
Dromiceiomimus: That's so gross, T-Rex! What'd you do?
 Well, I ate it. Problem solved!
 Tada!
Utahraptor: Ew, T-Rex! You don't know where that bug has been!
 Sure I do!
 I know it's been in my bed.
 Aw man, do those exist?
 These bugs aren't made out of what I think they are, are they?
 Other poo bugs?
 I've decided to write a story about my own team of superheroes. That's right! They're called...
 The Incr-- The Fant- The Sweet Dudes!
 So far I've got four people on the team. The first is Justin Time, who has time-based powers! The second is Justin Case, who can control probability. The third is Chix Diggit, who is an attractive dude if I do say so myself, and the last member is Tim Foresnax, who can eat a lot if he wants to! They fight crime and prejudice and have romantic (mis)adventures.
Utahraptor: This seems a little derivative, T-Rex!
 Nope! It is 100% my creation!
 Well, Justin Time goes by his middle name, Tehnikov, because having two Justins on the team would be confusing. Get it?
 Their names sound like common phrases that people might say sometimes! "Just in the nick of time&quot;? Hee hee!
 It's pretty implausible that someone named "Justin Time&quot; would end up having temporal powers though.
 Time to make some Life Decisions, set some Life Goals!
 That's right, ladies!  I am going to be a dude with direction!
 But this isn't just a ploy to seem more comely to members of the attractive sex!  I really feel like I need a goal to work towards, something that I want to achieve.  In the past I've always just gone with the flow!
 Go to school, okay, then university, okay, then get a job -
 And then... work at that job or at better jobs as they come along, until I get married and later on die!  THE END.
 Yep!  Somehow!
 Get big and smart?
 Eat my weight in chocolate?
 Learn how to fly rockets or something?
 I went through a document of 100 million English words and counted each of them. You'll never guess what the most-often-used verb form in the English language is!
 It's "is&quot;!
 The second-most-often used is "was&quot;, then &quot;be&quot; and &quot;are&quot; and &quot;have&quot; and &quot;had&quot;.
Dromiceiomimus: These are all pretty boring words, T-Rex. Most are just forms of the same verb!
 This is not my fault! People just talk about being and having a lot. What we need to do is spice up our conversations with more interesting verbs!
 YES. Motion passes!
 Dude, that's not a conversation! That's just using a victorian-era verb (which means to chew one's food thoroughly) without any context!
 Oh, okay! I guess I do, a little.
 D-Do you want to do it at your place or mine?
 One of the great myths of our time is that the trick to becoming good at something is to practice it over and over.
 I'm afraid that I must respectfully disagree!!
 PROOF BY COUNTEREXAMPLE: I have probably practiced eating hundreds of thousands of times! And yet, sometimes I screw it up. Practice clearly hasn't helped me here, because I should be super awesome at eating things now!
 I choke! It goes down the wrong tube or whatever. It's very embarrassing and sometimes I require medical attention.
Utahraptor: Well, to be fair, there's a difference between practicing eating and just doing many times over many years, T-Rex.
 Perhaps it's a focus YOU don't have, dude! You forget that I am extremely intense.
 And I can prove it, too! Ask me how my day was.
 FRIGGIN' INTENSE!
 Time to check up on that utopian society I founded! I bet everything is totally perfect there in Utopia Land.
 They MOVED?!
 My utopian society moved, Dromiceiomimus! They moved away!
 Just that! They packed up everything they could and moved somewhere else, and it's not somewhere nearby! They clearly thought things would be more utopic if they moved further away from ME. Argh!  I hate those guys so much right now!
Utahraptor: But maybe they didn't move, T-Rex! Maybe they just DISAPPEARED!
 Huh?
 That's ridiculous! They didn't phase out of existence for the sake of a pun.  You're just using this as an excuse to cram an etymology lesson where it doesn't belong!
 Colour me impressed!
 that Utahraptor and his ilk. I don't care what he thinks we did!
 What I do care about is vitamin B12!
 ... if only I knew more about it!
 ... and that's when I woke up and realized that the past few weeks had all been some crazy dream! IT WAS ALL A DREAM!
 What?
 But - you're a guy! ... AREN'T YOU? 
 He - she's right!
 Okay, so I take a picture of myself with my digital camera put it on my computer, and then digitally alter it.  I make it appear like I'm snow-boarding or meeting famous people or something!  Something that is at least PLAUSIBLE.
 Then I upload the altered image back to my camera, thereby forming the Perfect Prank!
  Now, all I have to do is show people the pictures on my camera, and they'll assume they're authentic because you can't alter a photo like that in-camera!  I will exploit the expectation that most people only copy images from, and not to, their digital cameras for comedic effect! Tee hee!
 People will fall for this for sure!
 I sure do, baby!
 Hey God! Check out these awesome pictures I got on my camera!
 Okay nevermind.
 So who here wants to TALK ABOUT FEELINGS? Wooo! Everyone loves a dude who talks about feelings, right?
 Feelings: let's talk about them!
 Dromiceiomimus, how do you FEEL today?
Dromiceiomimus: Fine, T-Rex!
 Hey, I feel fine too! Would you like to talk about it for a few hours because that's always a good idea?
 Secretly, neither would I! High fives!!
 You probably did, my friend!
 Oh, um, I was sort of making fun of talking about feelings, but we can actually talk about them too.  This is because I am a Good Friend!
 A good friend who keeps such conversations in strict confidence, no less!  So, tell me about your problems.
 Do you have any problems with sexy stuffs?
 I was asked for money on the street today, and after I gave what change I had, I was told quite aggressively by the guy that it wasn't enough! This can only mean that it's time once again to discuss everyone's favourite topic. . . 
 Panhandling!
 And it's a tricky issue! Giving money to beggars can be helpful, but some feel it encourages bad behavior and undermines the work of social support organizations. Plus there is always the rumour of beggars who take home hundreds of dollars a day! On the other hand, there may well be people for whom begging is the only means of support they have.
Utahraptor: You're sure using a lot of qualifiers there, T-Rex!
 It's intentional!
 I really don't know very much about panhandling, and a lot of people feel really strongly about it. I don't know! I usually try to learn more about things by doing them, but if I panhandled I'd be a total poseur.
 Man, you're on!
 Wait!
 This belittles us both!
 I gave them to my mother for her birthday!  What a good son!
 Hmmm... they tasted like regular meat sticks, I guess!
 Like spicy leather?  I wouldn't have eaten them under normal circumstances, but, you know, free internet ostrich meat.
 They were so vile.  I literally could not understand it.
 Only BRIEFLY.  It turns out they're meant for the elderly, not for virile young dudes!  They don't say this on the package though.
 Nooo way.
 'Cause it's a beanie cap with a glow-in-the-dark propeller on top?
T-Rex (whisper): Also I think I broke the propeller.
 Okay!  Thanks for that!
 Does it really matter which idiolect you use?
 Well, why don't you just check to see what others are doing?
 Yeah.  He's worried he won't look cool in front of his fellow gamers if he speaks with numbers in place of letters?
 That doesn't sound so bad!
 Hey, who wants to come with me to sneak around in abandoned buildings?
 I know you want to, Dromiceiomimus!
 It's urban exploration! We poke around in abandoned factories and schools and mental institutions and stuff, but not to steal things, just to look at how things have changed since the building was in use. It's awesome! You see old bathtubs and all sorts of stuff!
 Yeah, man!
 The difference is that infiltration includes exploring buildings that ARE currently in use, like subway systems and stuff, going places you're not supposed to go. We're only going to buildings that haven't been in use for years. It's more like trespassing!
 Hooray! We got to feel what it would be like to be the last person on earth, surrounded by the decaying remains of civilization.
 (One more thing checked off on my lifetime 'To-Do' list!)
 Well, I'm perfectly content.  Time to mix things up by staying awake for 41 hours!
 It's going to be great!  This is the best idea ev-
 I'd never want to eat polluted excited pork meat, Dromiceiomimus.  I just invented it and I never want to eat it.
 Just think about it!  "Polluted&quot;?  Eww!!  And what does &quot;excited&quot; mean when applied to meat?  It just raises too many questions.
 I wouldn't be able to enjoy it.
 Last night I ate lots of pears by mistake.
 What if I'm a new form of dinosaur that can get tired but that doesn't actually require rest?  I'd never know until I did something like this!
 Are you jealous of my mutant dinosaur powers?
 Ahh!  Oh my God!  THAT WAS NOT EXCITING OR ROMANTIC AT ALL!!
 I would have words with the people in charge of aphorisms!
 Does language alter the way we think?  Sources say: perhaps!
 This source says: DEFINITELY YES.
 I think it's a subtle but pervasive effect!  If a language doesn't have a word for something, I think I'm less likely to think about whatever it is that word would refer to.  For instance, in English we have words for "friends&quot;, but what if we had a single word for the phrase &quot;friends who deserve pie more often&quot;?  I bet I'd consider buying people more pies!
 Yeah!
 Aww, I really respect you and wish to spend more time with you in a romantic fashion, too!
 TIME FOR MUTUAL KISSES.
 You know how vanilla extract smells really good, but tastes really gross when you drink it?
 I think this is very symbolic for... something!
 Maybe it's symbolic for love?  Great in moderation, but you can ruin it by taking too much (i.e., smothering the person with affection)?
 It's a possibility, I guess!  Hmmm...
 Yep!
 I don't know.  Vanilla extract!  Not many people talk about it, so I thought... I thought I'd be the first?
 That's a little weird, but okay!
 Ah, the golden rule. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you!
 Pretty crazy!
 Following this rule, I could feed my vegetarian friends delicious steak sandwiches, because that's what I'd like, Mmm-mmm delicious!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, no, T-Rex, because you probably wouldn't want to be fed something you didn't like.
 Aha, so much for the golden rule! There's a lot of other awesome variants anyway.
 APPARENTLY, dude!
 Now I'm all about "Do unto others AS they do unto you&quot;. Notice the lack of a &quot;would have&quot;. Actually, NOW I'm all about &quot;do unto others before they do unto you.&quot; No wait! &quot;Do unto others at the same time as they are doing unto you&quot;. That one is about doing things together with friends, I think!
 I notice you are leaving! Could my conversational stylings be partially to blame??
 It's all so meaningless!
 No wonder nobody likes me!
 Why should I even bother stomping this house?  It's just going to get rebuilt.
 Screw it!
 Screw EVERYTHING!
Utahraptor: What the heck's your problem, T-Rex?
 Oh, I'm just practicing.  How was I?
 I know, eh?
 I wish I was never born!
 You know what makes me irrationally angry?  It's people who say the moon landing was faked!
 ARGH!  I am getting angry just thinking about it!
Dromiceiomimus: It's not like you to respond so emotionally to something like this, T-Rex!  Why don't you just respond to their points and disprove their claims?
 Because it feels useless!  Because most of these people just want to take on of the most transcendental achievements of our time and belittle it any way they can.  They're not interested in facts!
 No!  Well, yes!
 I don't know!  It's just that we're in a special place in history now, where it still matters that we've been to the moon.  Once moon travel becomes routine people won't care so much, but right now, the landings are unique.  They're still special.
 Man, I don't count!  I was talking about OFFICIAL visits to the moon.  Mine were in a strictly unofficial capacity.
 You have my assurances!
 This vaguely-racist form of comedy relies upon the double-entendre!  It narrates the advice of a man called "Confucius&quot; who delivers many a &quot;bon mot&quot;.
 For example: "Confucius say... man who run in front of car get tired!&quot;
 Ho ho!  Did you catch the comedy there?  There are two meanings in that phrase!  If you don't get it, don't worry - the key to emulating understanding is often just to repeat the last word or phrase.  Fake a laugh, say "Hah!  TIRED.&quot; and you will be SET.
Utahraptor: Was there a real-life Confucius, T-Rex, or is he merely a convenient fictional device?
 Well!
 As you know, there was in fact a real Confucius.  He lived in the 5th century in Ancient China (then called "China&quot;) and was and is an incredibly well-respected philosopher!
 So yea, you've got to be careful, because the real Confucius said many non-hilarious things.
 Phrases like "they who know the truth are not equal to those who love it&quot; are not meant to be laughed at!  SO DON'T EVEN TRY.
 To conclude, I hope people needed this joke explained, because otherwise I've been hardcore wasting my time today!
 Some larger cities are plagued by advertising trucks: trucks paid to just drive around in the downtown core with giant advertising placards mounted on the back.  The hell?  I disagree with this in the strongest way possible!
 And generally I'm a seriously easy-going dude!
 They're just so WRONG.  They're causing unnecessary pollution in an area that already probably has problems with air quality, PLUS, they're congesting the road and making our cities more corporate and less beautiful.  They're ugly, and the whole idea is self-centered, and thoughtless, and the worst kind of capitalism.
 Really? You don't think I'm going overboard?
 I've written a draft of a new book!  The book is called, "How To Be Awesome&quot;.
 I know!  It's totally the book I was meant to write!
 In the book, I tell people that the key to being awesome is to do awesome things at awesome times.
Dromiceiomimus: You know T-Rex, you sure are using the word 'awesome' a lot.  Is your vocabulary really that limited?
 You're right!  I'm not certain if overusing 'awesome' is, in fact, awesome.  I'll cut it out for a bit while I consider the issue!
 Um... it's called - "How to Be&quot;?
 And in the book, I tell people that the key to being is to do things at times.
 Hey.  It'll rule.
 I now realize that replacing 'awesome' with a semantically similar word, rather than dropping it entirely, would have been a more viable course of action.
 Live and learn, bitches!
 My stars, do I ever love documentary films.  The best form of filmmaking?
 As I see it, yes!
 What I've come to love is the tension between filmmaker and subject, the way editing can so easily be used to slip the filmmaker's politics into the film.  The veneer of realism, the claim of legitimacy - ooh!  It's all so GOOD.  There's politics in every film, sure, but only documentary makes the claim of truth, and it's THAT claim that makes it all so interesting.
 Dude!  It's SO GOOD.
 My favourite are the extended takes, where you ask your subject a question, they answer it, and then you hold the camera on them for a good ten seconds afterwards while they glance around and look ridiculous.
 Yep.  T-That's what I think!
 I-
 Um.
 Intelligent design (or ID) is the idea that while we may begin to understand the universe through science, it is actually created with divine intent.  Evolution is not the chaotic product of random mutations, but rather intentional.
 Much as a watch implies a watchmaker, so does our universe imply divinity!
 Okay!  It's a very nice idea, but it's not science because it's not disprovable: you either believe in intelligent design or you don't, and there's no way to show who's right.  That's not science - that's faith!
 Of course not!
 Right!
 But there's nothing in ID (as I've formulated it) to say that the two can't exist peacefully.  One just doesn't belong in science class, because it's not a science.  It belongs in religion class.
Utahraptor: Wait - T-Rex, you claim to hear the voice of God!  What does he say about all this?
 He says - there's some merit to both sides of the issue?
 Things sure would be different if one day, the speed of light slowed down to something like half a meter per second for some reason.
 Yes indeedy!
 For one, games of hide-and-go-seek would be more complicated.  Also if you were a long-distance runner, it would be more difficult to run because when you went faster that light you couldn't see where you were going.
 I think so.  Maybe?
 How's that?
 You know what? I'm not even certain if it's possible to travel faster than light.  I'm going to ask Professor Science.
 Dude, he's a diplodocus with one of those square graduation hats on him!  WHAT IS NOT TO LIKE?
 Why isn't anyone attending their classes?  Guys!  Class is on!  It's time to go to class!
 What the heck is wrong with everyone in this universe?
 I just don't understand why nobody is going to class.
Utahraptor: You're late for class, T-Rex!
 Dude, you know what I say?  I say, "forget class!&quot;.
 Hello?  I play by my own rules.  Rule number one: no going to class, baby!
 Rules two through five are various socio-economic and anarchic justifications for not going to class.  Rule six says it's really too bad that all the ladies are in class right now!
 My philosophy - she has her limitations.
 Today, I am selling compliments! 
 . . . for PROFIT!
 Dromiceiomimus! I have some very special compliments for sale. Would you like to buy a compliment, gorgeous? (That one is on the house!)
Dromiceiomimus: No thank you, T-Rex! I don't buy my compliments. 
 An insult, AND an implication that my business model is not sound!
 You-- really? Sure!
 I was sort of expecting that you'd point out flaws of my home business, but sure, I'd be glad to sell you one!
 I can hook you up with an "Attaboy Special&quot;, which includes a five word compliment and a firm handshake. 
 You are a good dude!
 SUDDENLY YOU ARE NOT SUCH A GOOD DUDE.
 I have accomplished much today and it's not even noon yet!  I feel as if I could take on anything and anyone and succeed!
 And ladies, I am all about putting theories into practice!
 Dromiceiomimus!  Give me a challenge!
 Something DIFFICULT.
 Something difficult yet possible, Dromiceiomimus!  My stars!  This is like a 1920s comedy routine without the punchline.
 Man, anyway!  I'll come up with my own incredible challenge.
 Aw - but, man!  I was looking for a challenge I WAWNTED to do.  Anyway, yeah, I can do it.  Easy.  Easy peasy Japanesey.
 !
 Is that racist??
 And that makes me the love interest!
 I'm a ruffian with a heart of gold! Are there any sensual socialites on board?
 You are repressing her free spirit and sexuality! Notice how I am a throughly modern hero, despite my being born in the 1900s? I am appealing to a hypothetical audience, 100 years in the future!
 Sweet!
 Would you say that not even God Himself could tea us apart?
 I was a fool!
 Learning a language is hard!  It is especially hard with your first language, when you're a baby who has to figure out an entire grammar and vocabulary just from what people say to you.
 It's not just hard: in fact, it may well be impossible!
 It turns out that natural languages are so complex that we probably can't figure out all their rules just from hearing words spoken around us, but we CAN approximate these rules and get very close.  So the result is we (as learners) end up speaking a language we're able to communicate with, wut which is slightly different than those that surround us!
 That depends on the learner, I guess!
 Rules that are used everyday are going to be more fixed, because there's more of a chance somebody will correct you.  But less-frequent parts will be more malleable, which explains why languages evolve so quickly!
 Yep!  Of course this has changed a little with the advent of grammar books and formal schooling, but it's still there.  For example, I might think the word 'tenet' is enraging!
 Screw you!!
Narrator: T-Rex as Cultural Critic
 What's with mainstream music nowadays? It's all so BAD. If I wanted facile lyrics, I would just write them myself and make sure not to try very hard!
 All the music I hear on the radio has lyrics by Timmy!
 Plus, I saw this painting of a woman the other day and it was clear that the painter had no idea what he was doing! It's as if someone just described to him in passing what a woman looked like, and he was all, "I got it guys!&quot; Everything was just a little off. It was a portrait by Timmy!
 He's a rhetorical dude!
 He's also my new critical trademark. When something is really juvenile, I'll say it's by Timmy. It implies so much earnest ineptitude!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! All you're going to do IN THE BEST CASE is ruin the name of real people called "Timmy&quot; !
 Man, I already did that with my safe-sex campaign! Remember? "It is almost certain that you will contract STDs from guys named Timmy&quot;?
 Hah hah! Ouch for Timmy!
 Oh my goodness, I feel sick to my stomach today.  I woke up and I felt sick to my stomach already.
 Ten roasted chickens for dinner? I believe the answer is "Heck yes!&quot;
 I don't understand it! I was not around any sick people.  I did not eat any bad food.  And yet, ouch, my stomach!
 I had ten whole chickens, Dromiceiomimus. Mmm-MMM!
 No way!
 They were very delicious chickens.  I would eat them all again, given the chance.
Utahraptor: Yeah, but you shouldn't just have chicken for dinner, T-Rex. You need BALANCE in your diet.  Nutrition, man! You know about nutrition.
 Alright, I admit it! I knew it was bad for me, but I ate them anyway! And - sometimes I don't clean my house as often as I should? Oh! And one time I pretended I was deaf.
 I - I got caught.
 Oh goodness, cryptography.  It's really interesting!
 Specifically, trapdoor functions are SUPER interesting!  Times two!
 These are functions that are easy to compute but difficult to reverse-engineer - unless you have the secret 'trapdoor' information.  For example, the product of two prime numbers (p and q) is not hard to figure out if you know their values (it's just multiplication!), but if all you have is the answer, n, guessing what p and q are can take a really long time.
 And yeah, functions like this are a basis of cryptography!
 Well, say I send n to you, and you know what the secret value of p is.  There's a chance my message might be intercepted by a bad guy.  But this dude will only know n, not p!
 Yep!  Of course, all this lets us do is communicate a prime number q in secret to each other.  But you can probably do even more things with trapdoor functions!
 I'm almost certain!
 Here is a startling thought: what if the things I believe in are wrong?
 I'm serious!  This is a big concern for me!
 It's the reason I've never really attended any political marches - I can only rarely convince myself that I believe in something SO MUCH that those who don't share my beliefs are wrong, and need to be publicly convinced otherwise!  I'm always conscious that I may one day look back on my present-day self and shake my head.
 Not necessarily!
 I'm just left with an acute awareness that I could be wrong about some of the things I currently believe in.  Not big things, like racism, but little things, like mohawks!
 No, man!
 I think racism is BAD.  It's like when you say you're fundraising for cancer - you're not in favour of it!  You want to cure it.  That's what I meant!
 Alright.  not necessarily racist.
 Here is a list of things that were once totally cool and remain so:
 Flappers!
 And this is where my list derails so that I can talk about flappers.  Oh goodness, flappers! These were the 1920s equivalent of hipsters, only they looked like boys and had way better slang.  The way they talked was the BERRIES.  That means something was great!
 It could well be, Utahraptor!
 Nope! It gives me hope, because one day I could meet someone who actually talked like a flapper, and then we could get married!
 Man, what was I talking about? It was a terrible idea to marry someone just because of her cool slang!
 I really need to think long and hard about my life decisions.
 Man, how great would it be to have a TATTOO? Assuming it does not go disastrously wrong, it would be super cool!
 Oh you know - the usual.  I get a tattoo of some figure in popular culture and it turns out that figure is crazy racist.  We've all been there, right?
 We've probably all been there.
Utahraptor: Hey, I've got a great idea,  let's get tattoos together!
 Like twin tattoos?
 Yeah, I guess I was!  Hah hah! That WOULD be pretty crazy.
 We'd have to press our tattoos together to make them line up and all the people would think we're married!  Plus what if we got the tattoos on our lips?
 Okay! I'm going to stop talking now!
 Aw man, I don't want to tell anyone my few remaining embarrassing secrets! Come on.
 No!
 Okay! Okay, FINE.  I'll tell ONE embarrassing secret and that's it!
 But all you're getting is one secret, no more!
 Apparently, you are! And the secret is this: when I lost my virginity, I had the song "Tubthumping&quot; by Chumbawamba stuck in my head the entire time.  I just really liked the song.  I remember being afraid I would hum it afterwards!
 Now don't go around telling that secret to anyone else, okay?
 THAT WAS SO IMPROBABLY FAST!
 I've decided to stalk a friend! Hah hah, why not? I will be the person they least suspect!
 This is because I'm violating the understood limits of our friendship!
 Dromiceiomimus, I'm going to let you in on a secret, okay? I have decided to stalk Utahraptor! Can you help me out?
 RIGHT.  We are NOT allowed to murder him.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, I think I've got a stalker!
 Hee! That's too bad!
 Hee hee!
 Cheese it, the fuzz!
 Tonight is Hallowe'en, and that means...
 ... treats! Hooray! Hooray for treats!
Dromiceiomimus: Are you - you're going trick-or-treating this year, T-Rex?
 Sure am! I have decided that giving it up when I achieved pubescence was a MISTAKE. I am going to dress up and go door-to-door and get candies! Woo! All I need is a costume and a way to minimize embarrassment.
 That's okay!
 I'll just be late, that's all! Late with my PILLOWCASE FULL OF CANDY.
 Hi guys! It turns out the reason adults don't go trick-or-treating is because you get berated at every house for being too old! Also some kids tricked me and stole my costume!
 It has been a night of revelation!
 I have discovered a new philosophy for life that appeals to my own sense of self-worth!
 Egoism!
 In egoism, all your actions are motivated by a desire to make things easy for one person: yourself! For instance, I crush this house because it's in my way. My actions are justified, thanks to egoism!
 They probably realized what a great dinosaur I'd be and figured it would be in their own interests to creat me!
 "In conclusion: it's untenable&quot;? YOU MUST BE A LOT OF FUN AT PARTIES!
 Is it possible to have too many friends?
 The answer is "Definitely yes!&quot;
 This is because if you were friends with EVERYONE ever in the history of time, you'd have so many people who'd expect you to talk with them on the phone and hang out with them and stuff, and there's only so many hours in a day! Eventually you'd end up snubbing at least SOME of them, which is bad.
 Therefore, yes, it is possible to have too many friends!
Utahraptor: You know, talking like this risks backlash, T-Rex!
 How so?
 I don't have too many friends! I was speaking hypothetically!
 I could use some more friends, actually.  I tried calling an escort service once but it turns out that is a euphemism and all the people there were just interested in sex for money!
 I was like "Hah hah, what?&quot;
 Well! I certainly hope I don't get prematurely invited to any PARTIES today!
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex, do you want to hang out on New Year's Eve?
 What? But it's barely November. You're planning this now?
 I - I guess I don't have any other plans!
 Huh! That was weird!
 Dromiceiomimus invited me to a party like two months in advance! But - more weird was that I was actually musing about not wanting to be prematurely invited to any parties just before she spoke to me. It's incredible.
 I know! I'm freaking out over here. This is me:
 HUH??? CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN THE CONFLUX OF THESE TWO EVENTS?
 That's seriously me right now!
 You know what's better than school? Not being in school but still learning!
 Yes indeed! I have decided to become AUTODIDACTIC.
 This means that I eschew formal schooling and learn on my own terms at my own pace, Dromiceiomimus! I learn things that interest me and don't rely on someone else to tell me what I should and should not know.
 Shhh!
 Well, I've also incorporated into my auto-didacticism a distrust of schools as inefficient, repressive institutions.  It's part of my new "damn the man&quot; persona!
 I can demonstrate, my friend! Ask me where I picked up a word like "autodidacticism&quot;!
 Not from any SCHOOL!
 Nobody can kiss me today, because I'm sick. 
 Sorry, LADIES!
 While you may have wanted a smooch just now, Dromiceiomimus, you can't have one because I'm sick! I have a cold. 
 M-Maybe tomorrow?
Utahraptor: Is this a new kind of come-on for you, T-Rex?
 No!
 It's true!
 But, I'm ALSO creating an artificial shortage of T-Rex kisses to increase demand. Would you say you irrationally want some of my kissing now?
 Try harder!
John Allison:  Shiny time T-Rex drive
John Allison:  Yes there is panda! and baby! and frog!  All delight at T-Rex presentation.
 I recently heard about an event called the Race For The Cure!
 It sounds cruel to me!
 Why not just give the cure to all the sick people? For free? They're in no condition to be out racing!
Dromiceiomimus: I think you are confused, T-Rex.
 I'll say I am! Who are these creeps, anyway?
 But there's no cure for cancer!
 What nerve!
 It's shameful!
 The Race For The Cure must be stopped!
 I have a possibly inappropriate question
 Do I dare ASK IT?
 Maybe.
 Both.
 I carry my stress in my lower back.
 So if I was paralyzed from the chest down would I not feel my stress anymore?
 So did I just find a cure for the stress of the modern world or what?
 Do you think it would work?
 I'm willing to accept yes!
 #/usr/local/bin/qwantz
 # t-rex.pl
Dromiceiomimus: What's up T-Rex?
 I've decided to start speaking in PERL more often! It's my favorite computer language!
 Well for one thing, it's an extremely portable language.  That means it works in all sorts of environments without many differences!
 Do they need Powerful word-parsing in Uganda? Try PERL's "Regular Expressions&quot;!
 For example, if you said "showers&quot; and I said &quot;s/sh/fl/&quot;, you'd get &quot;flowers&quot;!
Utahraptor: That's corny, T-Rex.
 s/that's c/i'm h/
 s/see/boo/
 I sometime wonder if I've become too dependent on my daily routine.
 I think I need to start thinking "outside the box&quot;
 I will imagine that this house is the box.  My stomping of said box will symbolize my ability to effect change in my life.
 DO NOT LESSEN THE METAPHOR!
 Since I stomp the girl every day, she represents my daily routine.
 Oh yeah? Well this next one represents you.
 LOOK AT ME! I'M A STUPID UTAHRAPTOR! I WISH I HAD LIFE ALL FIGURED OUT LIKE T-REX!
 (left elbow down, right elbow up) The crazy Utahraptor thinks I have OCD.
 (open mouth) I wonder what that stands for.  "Overly Competent Dinosaur&quot;
 (Left foot, stomp house.) Or perhaps "Outstandingly Creative Dialogue&quot;.....Hey Dromiceiomimus, did you hear? Utahraptor thinks I am &quot;One cool Dude&quot;!
 (Turn around, stomp girl.) Hey Utahraptor, I really appreciate that you think I'm "Oh-so Clever and Delightful&quot;!
 Oh, Crap! Detected!
 Holy crap! There's a bomb in the comic.
 If I stop stomping the comic will explode!
 I must stomp unceasingly or we are all surely doomed!
 I must heroically continue to save us all!
Utahraptor: Holy Crap, T-Rex! You just stomped that house!
 It's okay! It was full of cans!
 You see what you've done? You've distracted me from my stomping.  Now the comic will explode.
 Now that he is gone I can freely admit that there never was a bomb.  I just wanted an excuse to stomp!
 I am reliving the same day of my life over and over again until I get it right.
 I will prove it to you, I know what will happen before it happens!  Watch: I am about to stomp a house.
 You see that? Proof!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, you are confusing yourself with a Bill Murray character again.
 I knew you were going to say that!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex! I know what's going to happen too!
 Really, what?
 Oh yeah?? Well... I... predict that you're a stupid!
 How did I know? You see that? Proof!
 Hey, you know what I don't like anymore? STOMPING.
 It's so overdone.  I no longer enjoy STOMPING.
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex, why are you stomping that house?
 Irony.  Haven't you heard? It's cool to do things you no longer enjoy.
 Nostalgia.
 It's been so long that I've enjoyed stomping that it has come back in style.
 Irony and Nostalgia are no longer "In&quot;. The big thing now...... Stomping!
 Oh boy! I wonder what the Utahraptor and I are going to talk about today?
 You know what...
 ... I really look forward to seeing him!
 Ah-
 Ahh - 
 Choo!
 Bill Cosby is the greatest actor of all time!
 Ha ha. Old Billy Cosby.
 Don't you love Bill Cosby, Mr. Pterydactyl?
 Oh, whatever. You look the same
 I love Bill Cosby.
 Maybe I will.
 Yeah so? So what? What are you trying to say? Are you trying to say that I'm gay? Because if you are, I'm not, you know.
 Hey Ryan!
 RYAN! HEY!
 You said your catchphrase! Every time you say "WHAT&quot; some goofy music plays, so the audience knows when to laugh and applaud!
Ryan: T-Rex, when you became my roommate we agreed that our lives would not turn into a sitcom.
 But think of the potential! You, the hip twentysomething man-about-town, me, the bumbling but goodhearted roommate.. think of the possibilities for humor and hijinks!
Ryan: Aaaugh! Dammit T-Rex, how many times do I have to tell you not to leave slaughtered iguanodons on the kitchen counter?
 Hijinks have ensued!
 After several years of study I think it is safe to say that I have a firm grasp on the nature of reality!
 News Flash: Reality is super-awesome!
  My comprehensive understanding of the inner workings of the universe gives me complete control over every aspect of existence! I am an omnipotent stud!
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, crushing things isn't fundamentally altering our universe.
 It isn't?
 Then I am going to be requesting a refund for that correspondence course!
 Sally Struthers, you should be ashamed of yourself!
 I find it exquisitely funny to give someone a nickname that is at odds with said person's true identity.
 Nicknames!
 For example, I would nickname you Fat D. because in reality you are quite svelte!
 Gasp!
 He must have been talking to someone behind me.
 Today is a good day I think for trying to explore THE VERY LIMITS OF MY OWN BODY.
 By which I mean "examining instinctual responses&quot;, of course!
 I find the idea of instincts interesting. What's it like having a drive to do something but not really understanding why? Have I ever felt an instinctive urge like that?
 Well! I intend to find out, using the power of science coupled with the power of auto-experimentation!
 TOTALLY SUCKY!
 I can't figure out what I should be testing. What are some instincts people have?
 Ooh! OR, I could surround myself with attractive and sexually-available women and then try not to have the intercourse with them!
 EXPERIMENT: APPROVED??
 There was a mouse in my house last night.  A mouse! In my house! That rhymes!
 But that's not important right now!
 This mouse was not only in my house but in my kitchen and on my kitchen counter.  Clearly, he needs to die!
Dromiceiomimus: Awwww, T-Rex! Can't you just use a human trap instead of killing him?
 FINE.
 Sadly unchanged!
 I'm at an impasse! I don't want to kill him, but I figure if I use a human trap to release him somewhere else, I'm just shifting the problem to the new dude whose kitchen he moves into.
 I don't know! I can't look up mice on the internet because my internet is down!
 Dud, WHAT ABOUT THE INTERNET??
 I don't know what they are, man! Let's talk about something else - like chicks!
 RPGs sound like nerd games that nerds play! With - with nerds!
Utahraptor: That's pretty close-minded, T-Rex!
 Have you ever played one?
 I'm not going to hell just to play RPGs!
 Sometimes when people win the lottery, they end up getting into a lot of trouble because they don't know how to handle that much money.
 Dear lottery officials: I would not have such troubles!
 I would invest the money wisely and live reasonably.  My only extravagance would be a pair of diamond studded house slippers, and upon my death, I would donate them, and my riches, to charity!
 Huh?
 What? No, I wouldn't think of doing that.  I'm not trying to set up a Walt Disney-esque scheme for tax sheltered reanimation here!
 These events only serve to further undermine my credibility!
 Man!
 Friggin' events!
 Utahraptor's started his own charity dedicated towards reanimating his body when he dies.
 What a copycat!
 It's MY idea, even if I did do it just by accident.  Now it's like a bizarre arms race, seeing who can reanimate their dead body first.  It's dumb.  And yet, I'm totally going to win!
Utahraptor: This isn't a race, T-Rex!
 It is, and you started it!
 Awww! Really? You'd give up being a reanimated corpse for our friendship?
 Because that's what my charity was looking into: reanimating long-dead corpses!  We was gonna make zombies.
 We - we was being straight out socially irresponsible.
 Sure have, God!
 Well!
 Back when I was in middle school, I used to go to the computer labs and add all sorts of common typos and misspellings to their spell check dictionaries, like 'teh' and 'acceptible' and 'amoung' and 'tahn'. Hee hee!
 It rules!  All these kids handed in essays with massive spelling mistakes!
 Pranks are supposed to end in laughter all around?
 Huh! Mine have all ended with me getting punches to the gut. A fre ended in broken marriages!
 What is this emotion called 'regret'?
 I have decided to become a scientist dinosaur. All I need to complete the ensemble is glasses and a lab coat.
 You can call me...
 Professor Tyrannosaurus Rex, PhD!
 Do you have any science questions you'd like answered?
 It depends on what alleles you're talking about. In the same gene, they're called an "allelic series&quot; but in different genes, a set of alleles is known as a &quot;haplotype&quot;.
 And now I will demonstrate stomping physics!
 I - I don't know!
 I have surprised even myself!
 My favourite food is bread! It's the most delicious thing to eat before, during, and perhaps even after a meal!
 Everyone loves orange juice! Well, except for people who have cuts on their lips, but they've made their choice.
 Aw, Utahraptor, that's dumb!
 That's dumb too! The only people who do that are old people who don't want to age anymore and young people who - actually, I'm not sure if young people even do it.
 Anyway! Back to bread: do I like it because it's so delicious, or is it so delicious because I like it?
 NOT ANYMORE.
 When someone says "murder is wrong&quot;, they're clearly making an ethical statement.  But what are they actually saying? Let's totally find out!
 Okay, so - 
 "Murder is wrong!&quot;
 Wait - was I just saying that it is objectively and verifiably true that murder is always wrong? That's a pretty big statement.Or was I merely saying that it's the societal consensus of most that murder is not such a good idea? Maybe it's an emotional statement, saying "I'm against murder, personally&quot;. Or MAYBE it's more of an imperative, better phrased as &quot;Don't murder!&quot;
 That's right, baby!
 I think it's cool that most people will agree that "murder is wrong&quot;, but that they all might have very different ideas of what that actually means.  We never really specify!
 A better understanding of ethics? Plus the ability to not feel bad for accidentally "murdering&quot; your friends who shoot down your ideas.
 I MEAN
 OOPS
 If I had the means to design and build my own house, it would have all sorts of cool features.  Like skylights and sensible door chimes and high counters designed to accommodate my giant frame!
 And perhaps... A FIREMAN'S POLE and WATERSLIDE??
 I am so serious about this.  I would have a fireman's pole. The waterslide - the waterslide I can see dying on the drawing board.  But a big brassy fireman's pole is a very Freudian way to say "Ladies, I'm the dude with the giant fireman's pole in his house&quot;.
Utahraptor: That's pretty sweet, T-Rex! But you don't think you'd get tired of it? Eventually?
 Never!
 How could I, when there'd be a trampoline at the bottom to ensure soft landings, AND stairs at the side for the elderly and the sissy-panted?
 Nope, because there'd be a second UPSIDE DOWN trampoline too, man! Kapow!
 I will call my house, "The House Where It's Very Hard To Get Any Work Done&quot;.
 So has anyone here ever ingested any...
 PSYCHOTROPIC SUBSTANCES?
 Dromiceiomimus?  Have YOU ever done any consciousness-altering drugs?
 Just curious!  I've never done any, but some of my friends have.  They say - they say it's pretty alright?
 Then they rub their faces on the carpet.
 No way, man!
 I have no interest in being reminded that my mind can be chemically altered, OR in rubbing my face on the carpet.  It's just, sometimes I wonder if I'm wrong, thinking these drugs are not the best idea.  But-
 That's exactly it!  Is marijuana addictive?  Who knows!  This tiny bug on my nose doesn't know!
 Okay!
 So, tiny bug on my nose, how was your day today?
Tiny Bug on T-Rex's Nose: oh t-rex, it was really a challenge for me today.  but, you can - my name is morris, if you wanted to call me that.  morris the bug
 Pleased to meet you, Morris!
 That's okay, Morris!  Everyone gets confused sometimes!
 Aww, Morris!
 If you ever need some help getting groceries, Morris, I bet we could help you out!
 Is that why you're on my nose?  To look for food?
 I'm going to write the best story ever.  It's called - okay, I don't know what it's called.  But i have a fantastic premise!
 It's a world where everyone knows how they're going to die!
 You can go in to a doctor and he takes a blood test, and then his machine spits out a piece of paper that says "exploded&quot; or &quot;drowned&quot; or &quot;poisoned apple&quot; and that's it.  No dates, no details!  And so people who are to die from drowning spend their lives avoiding swimming pools, but they end up drowning anyway.  Part of the fun would be seeing how!
Utahraptor: This story sounds pretty morbid, T-Rex!
 Morbidly INTERESTING!
 Nope, cause then you could be killed by an old guy!  This machine delights in ironically vague deaths.
 Hit on the head by a falling koala bear!
 It would also work on animals, but all the ones for cows would say "made into delicious cheeseburger&quot;.
 Not that the cows could understand!
 Friggin' cheeseburgers!
 I think it would be great to have my last words planned out in advance. They'd have to be really memorable, so that people would keep talking about them, and by extension me!
 Unfortunately, all the good ones are taken. Sucks to THAT!
 There are a ton of people who have died saying things like "I feel fine!&quot;, but irony is overdone in last words. It has to be something fresh! Einstein spoke his last words in German, but the only person present didn't speak the language, so his last words are lost. That's actually pretty neat, I think! I could learn some obscure language before I die and use that as a backup plan.
 Why's that?
 Ahhh! Oh wow, that's a great one. Man! Can you imagine feeling your own pulse stop?
 Hey guys! P-
 Pooty pooty?
 HeLa cells are a strain of cancer cells that, unlike regular body cells, can live indefinitely outside the body, grow very quickly, and don't die form old age. They are used in labs worldwide and are in many ways an independent organism!
 They also helped in the research that eradicated polio!
 So not only are HeLa cells the first observed example of devolution or speciation in human beings (going from a multi-celled life form to a singe-celled one) but they're also maybe a first example of immortality: her cells live, but the woman from whom the cells were taken, Henrietta Lacks, died from this cancer in 1951. That's crazy!
 Crazier: there's probably a greater mass of HeLa cells now than there was of Henrietta when she was alive!
 Well, Henrietta never found out. She was never even told that the cells were being cultivated!
 And with that, I exhaust all my knowledge of Henrietta and HeLa cells. I am well and truly tapped.
 AW MAN!! I totally knew that one!
 Also: learning is not a competition?
 I'm going to ignore the symbolism of this!
 ARGH! I had hoped to avoid this realization, but it's inescapable: I hate the mall! I know it's a cliched thing to hate but it's TRUE.  I hate the crowds and the cell phones and I hate the music and the consumerism and the shops that don't have anything that I want. And I didn't hate but I really disliked the burger I purchased in the food court.  It had no toppings. Also it was very dry.
 I'm not! I just feel their pain!
 And YES, I understand that of all the things in the world to get worked up about, maybe poverty and climate change are above one soul-crushing shopping experience downtown.  But man! The mall!
 Everyone! Support the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol!
 ALSO SCREW THE MALL IN ITS STUPID FACE OKAY
 I have a friend who, as near as I can tell, only dates Asian women.  I don't get it!
 I don't think he's a racist guy, but can you still be racist if you like an entire group of people (instead of hating them) for some perceived racial qualities? Maybe? But then again, there's nothing wrong with finding some feature particularly fetching, and maybe all the Asian women he meets just happen to have this feature.  I don't know what to think!
 Huh?
 No, I don't think he has that.
 So then, today is a good day for learning to play the piano!
 For such a skilled dinosaur as myself, it should be simple!
 Besides, nothing says "cultured&quot; like playing the piano!
 No, I feel I can do both. 
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, you can't play the piano!
 What? 
 Why not?
Utahraptor: Well, uh - it's just that your arms are too tiny to possibly reach the keys. I'm uh (this is awkward) - I'm sorry, T-Rex, but this is one dream of yours that will be thwarted by your own body. 
 But
 I bet if I could play the piano I would finally be happy with myself!
 I regret never going white-water rafting!
 Wow!
 Um - wow.
 She blew all of our fake-ass phoney regrets out of the water!
 Let's NOT invite Dromiceiomimus!
 So I never really found out about mind-altering drugs.  Are they a GOOD idea, or a BAD idea?
 I can think of one way to find out!
 I'm going to do mind-altering drugs as a science experiment, Dromiceiomimus!
Dromiceiomimus: That's a terrible idea, T-Rex! How will you be able to trust your results if you recorded them while high?
 You, um - well, you raise some valid points about my methodology that I really should have considered sooner.
 POSTPONED.
 Perhaps indefinitely! I've decided that this isn't really that pressing an issue for me.  Besides, it's not like I'm being pressured to do drugs in the first place.  It was just for interest's sake!
 No thank you!!
 I wonder if there are any revelations that would make me want to end a long-term friendship with someone.  What would they have to say?
 I guess if they were a crazy racist, that would probably do it!
 But then I wouldn't be friends with them in the first place, I bet - UNLESS they'd kept it hidden until now.  Could I be friends with someone, knowing they're a crazy racist? And would it make a difference if it never really came up that often?
Utahraptor: This is actually a pretty tricky question I've considered myself, T-Rex!
 Really?
 Well, I guess the difference is that nobody will ever get mad at you for being intolerant of racism! Except for racists.
 But it's okay, because everyone hates racists, right?
 E-Except for racists.
 It's DEFINITELY time to call in some old debts.  Luckily for me I'm a one-man debt collection agency!
 Dromiceiomimus! You owe me ten sub sandwiches, and I'm calling in the debt.
 ONE TIME, and I remember this quite clearly, you bet me ten sub sandwiches over something and it was basically pretty clear that you lost.
Utahraptor: And do I owe you anything, T-Rex?
 As a matter of fact, yes, you do!
 YOU, dear friend, owe me like three cases of pop, because you bet me a can of pop for every week the sub place stayed open, and they've been open for years, so yes, many soda pops for me.
 God, you ove me several sub-themed items too!
 You know what people don't say often enough anymore?
 "Holy smokes!&quot;
 Holy smokes, but that's a pretty awesome expression! "That dude just fell down the stairs! Holy smokes!&quot; It has the charm of a child, yet is better than the old standby of &quot;holy cow&quot; because nobody says &quot;holy smokes&quot; anymore.  It is forgotten. It is UNDISCOVERED.
 Holy smokes!
 Wait! Wait a minute! I never had a chance to use it for real!
 Anyway man, who says you're in charge of when things become "old hat&quot;?
 I will say it again in French, friends and neighbors!
 Qui dit que vous ?tes responsable du moment o? les choses deviennent "vieux chapeau&quot;?
 Today is a good day I think to talk about robots!
 Holy crap yes!
 Oh man, robots. So awesome! What other literary construct allows us to discuss the disparate issues of slavery, prejudice, identity, the body AND the self, while also allowing for all the trappings of a science fiction setting? Only robots, my friends!
 I would seriously marry robots if it were even possible.
 In fact, the only fault I can find in robots is with their real life counterparts!
 They're a canonical study in failed promise!  They never try to take over the world and rarely act as a mirror of our own essential humanity.  They just sit around!
Utahraptor: Some of them build cars, T-Rex.
 But man, imagine living in a world with literary robots? It would be the coolest!
 So awesome!!
 Oh man, I haven't bought anyone any presents yet!  I AM SO POOCHED!  I am the worst friend in the world.
 This will consummate my social ruin FOR SURE!
 Oh, hey, Dromiceiomimus!  How's - how are things?
Dromiceiomimus: Things are alright, T-Rex!
 Haha, that's cool!  Well, I guess I'll see you tomorrow: Christmas Eve!  I have a very special present for you, my friend.
 Why did I say that?? I AM EVEN MORE POOCHED THAN EVER BEFORE.
Utahraptor: No presents, T-Rex?
 Nope!  And then I compounded it by telling Dromiceiomimus that I had something extra special for her.  And OH MAN, now you know my secret.  I'm out of control!
 I know I know but still!
 Hey!!
 I could give Dromiceiomimus my toaster!
 I have made a very important New Year's Resolution! It's to make sure that my name becomes an EPONYMOUS ADJECTIVE.  People will soon all describe things as "T-Rexian&quot;! What sort of things?
 Awesome things, natch!
 Wait, huh? I'm not the sort of person who says "natch&quot;. I never say &quot;natch&quot;, I say &quot;naturally&quot; and even then only sometimes.  I have no idea why I said &quot;natch&quot; just now.  I'd like to take it back, Dromiceiomimus!
Dromiceiomimus: Hah, hah, too late! Looks like being T-Rexian is using unpopular and out of favour slang for no reason!
 Aw, shoot! My eponym is a disaster!
 Wait! Let's change it so it means using out of date slang that's still cool, like flapper slang or pirate's slang or whatever.  Can we do that?
 Had I finally and irrevocable "blown it&quot; with my own name? Had my father's famed and final prediction come, at last, to pass?
 Daaaaaang!
 Here is a hypothetical situation: let's say I'm married and going to have a child (with my assuredly hott wife)!  What should it be named?
 MY position is that babies should be named after old girlfriends!
 Not only does it allow excellent names to be redistributed to new children, but as we have more kids we'll catch up, and eventually one will be named after my wife!  It evens out!  Everybody wins!
 They can be named after my wife's ex-boyfriends.  As you can see, I've thought of every possibility.
 They all had quite excellent names!
 Those are terrible names!  Those are names you give to cats that you don't like.
 Okay okay so - am I making the best use of my time? Judging by the success of others the answer may well be, in fact, "PERHAPS NOT&quot;.
 I've never really cared about being rich before, but on the other hand having disposable income is sort of alright! Is wanting more money the first step on the path to becoming more and more right wing as I get older? Such a trajectory IS one I have sometimes observed in my peers and elders.
 Neither! Both?
 I'm - I dunno.  I guess I'm worried only about getting one shot at life and messing it up, or not making the best of it.
 FRIGGIN' GARDENS OF REGRET!!
 I have been working on a script: a noir about a computer programmer who gets involved in a snuff film conspiracy. The title?
 (A)bort,
 (R)etry,
 (M)urder!
 So the main character - the programmer - saves the girl from the killer, but then makes an error... a FATAL ERROR.
 Well...
 So far, yeah.
 But there is a scene where he types and the screen projects onto his face!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you're just ripping off every movie ever made with computers in it. What are you saying that's new?
 You must not have heard what my main character's name is!
 STACK OVERFLOW!
 It would be cool to be able to flash forward and see what my life would actually be like in ten or twenty years.
 Cool AND improbable!
 So improbable, in fact, that I have no idea of how I would accomplish it.  Ah well!  SO MUCH FOR VISIONS OF TOMORROW.
 Yep!
 That's pretty wild!
 Well!
 I for one would like to register disappointment with every aspect of the future?
 Two words that are homophones sound the same but mean different things!
 For instance: the word "awful&quot; (really bad) and the word &quot;offal&quot; (burchered entrails)!
 To begin: my stomping on this manner is a sorted little affair! Take soulless in the fact that at leased ewe are knot being chaste as well!
 I will here nun of it!
 I'm saying weird homophones!
 I was speaking in hilariously inappropriate homophones! IT WAS EXTREMELY HILARIOUS.
  That's it - I'll sell naked pictures of myself online!  FOR PROFITS!
  Dromiceiomimus, you'll bid on naked pictures of me, right?  For profits?
  FIRST OFF: whatever!  And second off: what if I died and you wanted pictures?
  No!
 I have ALREADY SPECIFIED that anti-dollars are not allowed to be bid in my auction.
 Do anti-dollars really mutually annihilate when combined with regular dollars?
 Science says, "yes!&quot;
 Begging the question is when what you're trying to prove is assumed implicitly in one of your premises!
 FOR EXAMPLE: T-Rex is a pretty sweet dude because he's always so friggin' awesome!
 This is actually formally valid: if the premise is true and I'm friggin' awesome, then it follows that I'm a pretty sweet dude.  However, I've provided no logical support for my "T-Rex is awesome&quot; premise, but only made a conclusion (T-Rex = pretty sweet) which relies on the premise being true.  I haven't offered any evidence, so I am begging the question!
 I know!  IT'S SO WRONG.
Utahraptor: Well, I suppose that begs the question,  if it's used more often to mean "raises the question&quot; than &quot;a fallacy of presumption&quot;, doesn't that suggest that the definition of the phrase has evolved?
 NO IT DOES NOT.  What it suggests is that everybody sucks but me!
 Oh goodness, I am so thirsty. My thirst is - exquisite. Sublime. Immaculate.
 Nopers!
 I would much rather consider the precise nature of my thirst. It's - strong! Insistent.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex if you get a drink of water then you won't be thirsty anymore.
 Please! I am trying to consider the nature of thirst. It's - stern?
 Aw MAN!
 See, now what can I do? I can't stay here and consider my thirst, because that's revelling in what for some people is a terrible fact of their lives, but if I go get a drink, I'm just underlining my privilege.
 Man! EVERYONE has better reasons for being here than me!
 I've never had any problems with dating someone of a different religion, but I imagine under certain circumstances it could be a problem!
 Much like... most things?
 I guess if there was some religious beliefs that one person had and the other didn't, it could lead to tension, but relationships are about compromise, right? But if someone, say, adopts the actions of a religion as a compromise, but not the beliefs behind it, isn't that just going through the motions, which isn't really what most religions are about?
Utahraptor: I guess a lot of it depends on the faith of the people involved, T-Rex!
 How so?
 That's true! Luckily, as I say, this has never happened to me. Therefore, double high fives for conflict avoided??
Utahraptor: I'm not giving you double high fives, T-Rex.
 Man! Don' leave me hangin'!!
 Raising one eyebrow!
 I would really like to be able to raise one eyebrow.  It seems like everyone can do this but me!  And as a consequence of my being unable to operate my eyebrows individually, my facial expressions are limited to either SURPRISE (both eyebrows raised), ANGER (both eyebrows furrowed), or danged neutrality!  The intrigue of raising a single eyebrow seems destined to remain frustratingly beyond my purview.
Utahraptor: I've seen you look intrigued before, T-Rex, I'm sure of it!
 I'm afraid it was all an illusion!
 When I feel intrigued, I have to say "How intriguing!&quot; or &quot;Guys, I'm really intrigued right now&quot; because I can't express it through my face.  Watch!  Say something intriguing.
 Well it probably wouldn't have worked.
 Why?!  Purple doesn't rhyme with "machine&quot;.
 What is the deal with everyone walking in on me while I'm having showers? This has gone well beyond random chance and I am at a loss to explain it.
 Everyone needs to stop walking in on me while I'm having a shower, please!
 And with that I'm off to go have a bath or something.
 Nowhere, dear friend! I am off to "#8211;go sit and&quot;#8211; read a book. About &quot;#8230; famous deserts of the past!
 MAN! It almost happened just there!
 This new "LET'S SPY ON T-REX IN THE SHOWER&quot; problem that everyone seems to have &quot;#8211;and now God's in on it too! I don't understand. Also I just realized I lied to God about reading a book.
 Somebody's in here!!!
 Is it possible to have adventures in today's modern world?  I mean real adventures, like ones where I get to swashbuckle.
 T-Rex says, "probably not!&quot;
 I think we've made our environment so predictable and safe that there's no real opportunity to go where nobody's been before, to see things that haven't been seen.  It's too bad!  I want ADVENTURES!
 While clearly extreme, can such activities truly be considered capital-A Adventure?
Utahraptor: Sure they can, T-Rex!  You see new things, and there's danger.
 I don't know...
 Especially since you'd have to climb up at least part of Everest yourself.  Okay, you're right!
 Guys, I REALLY just don't think I'm as into snowboarding as I used to be.
 I wish for justified happiness!
 Woooohoooo!
T-Rex " Dromiceiomimus: Hooray!
 ...
 Oh man, ouch! Shot down! Looks like no wishes for you!
 Should've wished for ice cream, my friend!
 MY EUPHORIA!!
 Anyway, I've had enough of that Utahraptor and his ilk. I don't care what he thinks we did!
 What I do care about is vitamin B12!
 Vitamin B12, also called cobalamin, is important to good health.
 It helps maintain healthy nerve and red blood cells, and is also needed to make DNA, the genetic material in all cells. Vitamin B12 is bound to the protein in food.
 Beef liver, fish, eggs, and milk, among others.
 Vitamin B12 has a very low potential for toxicity.
 Vegetarians who do not eat meats, fish, eggs, milk or milk products are at high risk of developing a vitamin B12 deficiency!
 Individuals with stomach and small intestinal disorders may not absorb enough vitamin B12 from food to maintain healthy body stores.
 Today is a good day I think for picking up a foreign language!  To better myself and the world, so to speak!
 Now, which language to choose...
 I know!  I'll just learn all of them!
 Nenu maamsamu chepalu thinanu!
 Nena shudda shaakaahaarini!
 Pokazi mi kade boli!
 Tova e dobre.
 Saluton!
 Mi parolas Esperanton!
 Mi scias.
 Oni rabatencis min.
 *Asian characters*
 Oh, it's true! If it was even MARGINALLY in style, I would grow mutton chops.
Dromiceiomimus: Aw, T-Rex, you'd be one of those guys with deliberate facial hair?
 In a second! I love the grizzled prospector look. Actually, no, that's not even true - I love PRETENDING to be a grizzled prospector. The facial hair would just be the grizzly icing on the prospector cake!
Utahraptor: I really don't think it would be that fetching a look on you, T-Rex!
 That's okay! I have backup plans.
 Backup plan "A&quot; is labelled &quot;handlebar moustache&quot;!
 Sometimes I do! I wonder what it'd be like.
 Really?
 Dating both twin sisters at the same time:
 Hot? Or just, in fact, KIND OF WEIRD?
 I'm afraid that I fall on the "kind of weird&quot; side of the fence this time. While I'm usually in favour of the hot makeouts, they're sisters! It's like they've made out with each other, through proxy. Transitive makeouts!
 What's not to get? Twins! Proxies! Transitive closure!
 Things would indeed be different...
 Keep on swimmin', ladies, because I love you both super equally!
 I DON'T KNOW WHO I AM ANYMORE.
 I've never had a nightmare!  Or at least, I've never remembered them and they've never been enough to wake me up, which amounts to pretty much the same thing.
 I'd like to have some nightmares, please!
 I want some consequence-free scares and that sense of that irrational creeping terror that I really don't get in my day-to-day life.
Dromiceiomimus: Nightmares aren't really that great, T-Rex.  Bad things happen to people you like.
 Oh, I know!  I know.  I just feel a little left out when everyone gets to have nightmares but me!  I feel...  I feel like the only girl in grade 8 that hasn't hit puberty yet.
Utahraptor: That strikes me as an odd analogy, T-Rex!
 Does it?
 Hah!  I SURE have.
 Hey, I have unfocused, confusing sexual desires!
 Alright!
 It occurs to me that democracy is pretty unfair if you're not a dude who's in the majority!
 It sucks, because if everyone disagrees with you, then you'll never get anything you want. It's majority rule! MOB rule!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, majority rule is sort of the definition of democracy, T-Rex. Not everyone can get everything they want!
 Yeah, but what if the majority decide to be totally racist against you? You're pooched!
 What do they say?
 Right! Like how I'm in a minority because I sometimese like to sleep in on weekends.
Utahraptor: Actually, I'd say most people like to do that, T-Rex.
 Really? Are you serious??
 Have all my years of sleepy shame been for naught?
 Vegetarians are chicks and dudes who don't eat a lot of meat for some reason or whatever!
 First off, you've got your lacto-ovo vegetarians, who don't eat meat but do eat eggs and milk. There's also lacto vegetarians and ovo vegetarians. Then you've got your vegans, who don't eat meat or ANY animal products, so eggs, honey, milk, and cheese are out, and even leather sometimes. For - for shoes.
 Where you be vegetarian for free?
 That sounds close to flexitarians, who only eat meat when being vegetarian would be rude or inconvenient!
 Now, I myself am a tremendo-meatatarian, which means that I only eat meat that I find to be tremendously delicious! 
 Yes. On account of the golly gosh-darned scurvy.
 I am a dude in need of a catchy slogan. Something to put under my name on business cards to convince people they should associate with me and maybe be my friend!
 Something like, " Your Man In ANY Situation!&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: That probably sounds more sexually permissive than you intended, T-Rex.
 It is a work in progress!
Dromiceiomimus: Okay! How about, " Better Than You Might Expect&quot;?
 Hah! No, I'm actually looking for slogans that are POSITIVE.
Utahraptor: " Not A Pedophile (Just So You Know)&quot;?
 Man, that's not positive either!
Utahraptor: How about " Your Shortcomings and Regrets, Personified!&quot;
 That's even less positive than the first one!!
Utahraptor: " That Awful Taste in your Mouth, First Thing in the Morning&quot;
 No! I'd be a tasty taste in the morning!
Utahraptor: " Like Waking Up Covered in Someone Else's Blood, But In A Good Way&quot;
 I HAVE LONG SINCE STOPPED SOLICITING SUGGESTIONS, UTAHRAPTOR.
 Not bad, though!
 The city was dark - too dark. The kind of dark that could drive a man insane.
 As I parked my retro car outside of my detective agency, I felt for the cool weight of my gun!
 Not just cool temperature-wise, but cool in that it made me look good. Too good. But I had to look good, because my first case of the day was my ex-wife, Fran. Turns out she was bein' blackmailed. Couldn't say by who, but I had a pretty good idea of who it might be. The night was turning out to be a real night... to remember.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, enough! Is this story supposed to have a case of the sucks?
 No! Of course not!
 Whoah, ouch! Last time I narrate any of my stories for you, Mr. Critical Pants!
 Oh right, Utahraptor's having trouble with this dude he's been seeing! I forgive his critical outburst.
 I have discovered that I have a weakness. Me! And though I should probably keep it a secret from my enemies, I will say what it is.
 Smell associations!
 Is it? I can be swayed by SMELLS. I loved swimming pools as a child, and now the smell of pool chlorine gives me happy memories of swimming!
 SO, what if there was an evil politician who smelled like chlorine? I might vote for him, against all better judgement!
 I can be mind controlled by smelly enemies. I'm a danger to myself and everyone I know!
Utahraptor: That's absurd, T-Rex!
 Yes. This is my concern.
 You don' know me!
 FUN FACT: Did you know that if you're in a situation where your messages have a chance of being lost or misunderstood, then you can never fully share information with someone?
 It's totally true, even if all the messages arrive unmolested!
 So Dromiceiomimus, imagine I'm sending you a letter that says "hi&quot;. You get it, so now we both know that I said &quot;hi&quot;, but only you know that YOU know that I said &quot;hi&quot;. So you send a letter that says &quot;got it&quot;, which I get - but then I know that you know that I said &quot;hi&quot;, but you don't know that I know that YOU know that I said &quot;hi&quot;. And so on!
 We go back and forth sending "I got your 'I got it'&quot; letters forever!
Utahraptor: So plausible, T-Rex!
 Well, of course we wouldn't ACTUALLY do that, but the point is that we can never know the exact same information, unless it's 100% guaranteed that the messages aren't lost or garbled. But the mail isn't like this!
 I plan on developing SEVERAL crazy theories about the postal service.
 I have not.  Okay?!  Let's talk about something else!
 Aw, man!  FINE, I'll ask.  Video games should be video games, shouldn't they?
 Well, I don't.
 Don't believe that video games can be judged by the same standards as films.  It's the Devil again.  I think he's trying to convince me to play a video game with him where you don't get to move.
 Right.
 Please do!!
 It has come to my attention that I have different interests than I did when I was a child.  In many significant ways, we are two different people.
 So the questions is:
 Who am I?
 Since an individual can "evolve&quot; over time, what makes them a person at all?  Is there no connection between myself as a child and myself now, besides the fact that we share a (now post-pubescent) body?
 What is the point about worrying about the Self if the Self is in a constant state of change?
 Why should we bother assigning an identity to what is essentially one frame of a constantly-changing motion picture.
Utahraptor: T-Rex!
 You raise some good points.  However, you forget one crucial thing.
 NOBODY ASKED YOU!
 I have a friendship crush on all my friends. They're great!
 Hello, Dromiceiomimus! I have a friendship crush on you!
Dromiceiomimus: Thank you T-Rex. You're not so bad yourself.
 A friendship crush is where you really like a friend, but it's not necessarily sexual, but everyone makes jokes that it's totally sexual, because you like to hang out all the time.
Utahraptor: Do you have a friendship crush on me, T-Rex?
Yep!
 But You're not supposed to ask. That makes you seem needy! It causes my friendship crush to fade a bit!
 S- Sapphist?
 If I were to be reincarnated, I would like it to be as one of those big machines that eats smaller machines for an audience.
 What? They're awesome. 
 What, you're going to shoot down my idea?
 Some people believe that you can come back as plants! They're BARELY alive.
 BARELY. So barely! I've seriously never been impressed with a plant.
 Don't get me started about sunflowers. God! Their salty, boring seeds!
 Okay, I may have been a little hard on plants. I concede that, yes, there ARE some plants that actually do some cool things.
 FOR EXAMPLE: there's some dogwood plants that have tiny flowers which bloom, explosively, in something like half a millisecond! In doing so, they accelerate their pollen at rocket speeds and blast it out at over four meters per second. That's some fast pollen! And I am not a dude who's gonna say that naturally weaponized flowers aren't cool.
 And, I SUPPOSE, plants that cure diseases are pretty alright too.
 Well, I realized that I do want plants on my side, even if most of them just sit there. And I do think it's kinda neat how some can turn dirt into strawberries. I've got nothing against strawberries!
 I do love strawberries.
 I don't know. A lot? They're alright.
 To - to fully understand my love of strawberries is to fully understand the unblinking eye of madness?
 I am sick, but not in a good way.  In a sore throat way.  I am well and truly under the weather!
 Me! Sick!
 I never get sick.  My sculpted body is invincible to all but the strongest strains of disease and malcontent!
 Okay yeah, but this is a REAL sickness!  This is a serious "I should stay in bed so I don't INFECT MY FRIENDS&quot; sickness.
 No, but -
 But I thought we - we could get through this disease... together?
 What is this emotion called "criminal negligence&quot;?
 I wonder what it's like to break up with somebody over the phone. There's only one way to find out!
 Dromiceiomimus, pretend that we're dating and talking on the phone, and I'll break up with you, okay?
 Dromiceiomimus! There's no time for talking about FEELINGS now. We're doing an experiment!
 Man, nevermind!
 YES! Yes, Utahrpator, pretend we're dating and I'll break up with you over the phone.
 "Hello? Hello? I'd like to break up with Utahraptor.&quot;
 Man! LET'S GET IT RIGHT THIS TIME. I dail the CORRECT number, call you, and try to break up, okay?
Utahraptor: T-Rex - I don't think it's working out.
 Alright! Who here has some emotional problems they'd like solved once and for all?
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex! Maybe you could help my friend, whose husband makes her jealous because he maintains friendships with women from work.
 Your friend should be less jealous! There is nothing wrong with friendship, and you should tell your friend to be less jealous. Yes - this problem is truly solved, thanks to logic!
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex! I've also got an emotional problem that needs solving.
 I am your man!
 This occurs simply because these people are placing their emotions over the warm embrace of cold, steely logic.
 I really wish I'd invented fire extinguishers or something.  Man!
 It would be a great way to be remembered every time someone puts out a fire!
Dromiceiomimus: Another shot at immortality, T-Rex?
 Not really!  I just would like to be thought of fondly once in a while.  Every time someone puts out a fire would be often enough for me!
Utahraptor: Do you know who really did invent the fire extinguisher though, T-Rex?
 Nope!
 But, you know, that's his fault, right?  He didn't CAPITALIZE on it.  But I would have!  I'd have the extinguishers say "Remember T-Rex?  He was so great, wasn't he guys?&quot; every time they were use.  Just a soft reminder - nothing too loud!
 ALTHOUGH, people sometimes shout "nooo!&quot; while using a fire extinguisher ON a fire, so onlookers might not be able to hear, OR they might think they're shouting in response to the extinguisher!
 It would only add to the confusion.
 Oh-kay! Socialism is when people share the means of production and stuff. Everyone works together for the common good!
 ... for some reason!
 Haha! See what I did there, Dromiceiomimus? I implied that socialism is flawed because people don't really have a motivation to share with each other.
 Yeah, that - that was my joke.
 Hey!
 Holy, why is everyone so touchy about the tragic and fundamental flaws of their nature today? I'm sorry we all don't share enough, but I'm not going to IGNORE it and hope it goes away. I deal with the issues!
 True! But I can sum it up in a play involving everyone wanting some of my delicious ice cream cone!
 And then we all decide to pitch in and take over the ice cream cone factory?
 A singularity refers to a future moment when we create artificial intelligences that are smarter than we are.  It's called this because things will be so different, it's impossible to predict past it.  Everything will change!
 For instance: these smart machines could make even smarter machines!
 And so on until we have super duper smart machines that will look on us as mere playthings.  Will they destroy us?  Or will we merge ourselves with technology, and in doing so become a new, more cybernetic lifeform?  Our choices seem limited to either becoming something new, or facing irrelevance and obsolescence!
 Because too much has changed!
 Also because we're too dumb.  It'd be like a dog trying to predict what its owner does.
Utahraptor: I think most dogs can do that with some accuracy, T-Rex.
 Right.  Well "#8212; I've never really been one for &quot;apt analogies&quot;.
 Check it!  Eating food in bed is like "#8212; a crappy duck?
 What the heck, everyone?
 Man, that was indeed a good "zinger&quot; I got the Utahraptor with yesterday. I wonder if I can get him again today with some-such similar ploy?
 Just to keep the friendship interesting, you understand.
 Hey, I bet if I ignore him, it will arouse a reaction!
 Time to start practicing! Say something to me.
 What's that? I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention!
 This is awesome!
 What's that? I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention!
 Huh? Oh, you're still here! What were you saying?
 Yes!
 Thesis statement: science fiction is a better genre of fiction than fantasy.
 Proof: robots are clearly significantly cooler than talking horses!
 Conclusion: my thesis statement is correct! Everyone loves robots and everyone is totally bored whenever they hear about horses with souls that talk about feelings. BORING feelings.
Dromiceiomimus: What? I bet you read just one fantasy book and it happened to have a boring horse that talked about feelings, T-Rex.
 One was enough!!
 They're actually not!
 It is a common misconception that science fiction is just fantasy with a justification for the fantastic elements. What people forget is that science fiction rules and fantasy...
 Precisely, my friend. In three different ways.
 Come on, God! Would you rather battle Klingons on trolls?
 I would never want to get pregnant.  Having to worry about what I eat because there's a baby GROWING inside me?  No thanks!
Dromiceiomimus: There's nothing bad about that, T-Rex!  It's a special experience and you could probably stand to eat better anyway!
 The cravings would be a good excuse for eating all the damn bread, but still!  Too much RESPONSIBILITY.  I'm dangerously carefree!
 No reason, just "#8212; sharing!
Utahraptor: Well as none of us can get pregnant because, oh hey, we're not female mammals, it's not something I'd expect you to worry about!  "I'd never want to be a dividing cell, because there'd be two of me and we'd be tiny.&quot;  &quot;#8212;T-Rex.
 I don't recall saying that!!
 "I have smelly pants.&quot; &quot;#8212;Utahraptor.
Utahraptor: "I love the taste of chocochops!&quot; &quot;#8212;T-Rex?
 Man!  They are molded chocolate pork chops with a real pork chop bone.  Am I now to apologize for BRILLIANCE?
 People are sad sometimes, and that makes me very sad.  Therefore, I will dedicate my memorable "problem solving skills&quot; towards solving the problem of sadness once and for all!
 Way to be happy #1: amnesia!  Forget your problems!
 This has the problem of robbing you of your present, history, and self, however.  Most people like those things!  So Method #2 is using happiness-inducing DRUGS and ALCOHOL.
 TRUE.  But I have other methods!  Method #3 is having a rewarding and satisfying professional and personal life.  Tada!
Utahraptor: But that's more a definition of happiness than a guide to achieving it, T-Rex!
 OKAY.
 Luckily, I still have Method #4, which is to set unreasonably low expectations for everyone, including yourself.
 MAN! EVERYONE is making it really hard for me to solve the eternal problem of unhappiness!
 W-...
 Wildly misinterpret your own despair?
 Everybody wants to be remarkable!  Here are some awesome ways to be remarkable:
 The first is to go further in something than anyone has before!
 For example, maybe you could eat a whole lot of goldfish or swallow tons of orange juice?  Simply think of something people already do, then think of a reasonable limit to that activity, and THEN shoot past it!  It's the "go further than anybody else would ever want to&quot; technique!
 Precisely!
Utahraptor: Do you think everyone wants to be remarkable, T-Rex?
 Aww!  Shooting down my ideas?
 Well, I suppose the idea of remarkability ties in with a desire for fame, which I SUSPECT is merely a corruption of wanting to be respected.
 So yeah!  I can see wanting to be respected but not wanting to be remarkable - it almost seems nobler than otherwise.
 Anyway!
 You can ALSO be remarkable by, holy shit, memorably cussin'!
 Hey, God, would you still hang out with me if I didn't have any friends?
 I'm serious!  I figure it's harder to make that first friend than it is to make the 20th, and I'm concerned that if I moved to a new town where I didn't know anybody, I wouldn't have any friends.
Dromiceiomimus: You're good at making friends though, T-Rex!  You're not shy!
 But that's just it "#8212; I'm just not shy among FRIENDS!  It is a catch 22 in my social life!
 I don't remember, man!
 I must have been two years old or something.  But I've used that first friend as a seed to get me all my other friends and now I have this irrational fear that my house of cards will come crashing down around me!
 Wait.  Wait "#8212; I have the solution!  All we have to do is make a legally binding promise to be best friends forever, purely out of fear of being alone!
 T- That's attractive, right?
 I am no longer worried about not having any friends if I move to a new town.  I have turned a crisis into an opportunity!  An opportunity...
 ... for personal reinvention!
 The key is that nobody will know me in this new town, which means I could be whomever I want!  If I present myself as a grizzled prospector, no one will be able to say otherwise!  I could be a race car driver!  I could be a LIBRARY SCIENTIST.
 But I could pretend!
 Yes!
 I mean no!  It wouldn't be lying: it would be REINVENTION.  I would be the Star Trek: The Next Generation to my present "original series&quot;.
 Yes!  In all seriousness, it would let me put behind myself aspects of my past that I'm not happy with.
 Like everything I've EVER DONE WRONG OH GOD
 I like people whose names tell short stories, like "John Went.&quot;  Where'd he go?  Ha ha ha!
  I don't know!
  I also like people whose names are verbs, like "Pat&quot; and &quot;Mary,&quot; sort of.  And I really like people whose names are nouns and verbs AND adjectives, like ... &quot;Pine.&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: I don't think anyone's ever been named "Pine,&quot; T-Rex.
 Well, perhaps the name is SO AWESOME that people are simply saving it for the appropriate child!
  It's alright!
  I kind of wish my name was a verb, too, though, instead of just being a noun. You can't T-Rex something.  I've tried.  It doesn't work.
  My GOODNESS.
 I regret spilling a glass of ginger ale on an architect!
 Aw MAN! Dromiceiomimus wins the regret competition AGAIN!!
 We need to do some Olympic-class screw ups and feel REALLY bad about them if we're ever going to win.
 She's just sadly staying at home, Utahraptor! Man! She's probably regretting things RIGHT NOW!
 Fuck me!
 Hysteria was once thought to originate in the womb ("hystera&quot; is the Greek word for &quot;womb&quot;). This had the nice side-effect of making men immune to it!
Utahraptor: You sure know a lot about the history of hysteria, T-Rex!
 It's true!
 Aw, MAN!
 So I hear you're having a minuswomb operation?
 Yes! A "uter-b-gone&quot;.
 A womboval?
 I saw the greatest TV show last night.  It ruled!
 It SUCKED!
 I am using the second "it&quot; to refer to my entire experience watching the show, of course, and not to the show in particular.  The program was exactly the sort of thing I had long wanted to see on television!  I HAD vaguely sort of planned to maybe try my hand at writing television, but there's no point now, because the talent behind last night's episode have accomplished all that I would have like to have done. THANKS TELEVISION INDUSTRY.
 Please do!
 "Babies Sporting Monocles&quot;?
 Ahhh... such a fine day.  An excellent day to stomp things, I should think.
 There! I see just such a thing for me to stomp.  But then are all things not equal under mine, the mightiest of feet?
 Nothing beats a relaxing day of stomping humans and their tiny accessories.  Especially for a T-Rex such as myself.
 Hah! I'd like to see that!
 And yet here were are.
 See? I've stomped hundreds of humans and nothing ever happens but a satisfying "squish&quot;.
 What have I done?
 Dude! WE HAVE TO STEAL IT!
 God! We're going to steal the kilogram!
 Now we're gonna have to use our cleverness because it's PROBABLY well-protected, seeing how it's the only real kilogram in the entire Universe.
 I have the brash enthusiasm of an amateur and the body of a tyrannosauroid!
 No-one! About - about nothing!
 Ha ha! Nope! I'd have to be GOD HIMSELF to pull off THAT impressive caper!!
 Hee hee! That's it for SCIENCE, bitches!
 Dear poets, I am sorry I've been making fun of your craft for over 20 years.  It is actually harder than it looks!
 I have been trying, UNSUCCESSFULLY, to write a poem for the past half hour.  I am trying to capture the emotion of getting up early in winter, during a heavy snowfall, and going for a walk and coming across a set of traffic lights (the kind that switch automatically) controlling traffic that isn't there, traffic that won't be there for hours.  The sense of seeing them as art, of watching them through the snowfall in the crisp dusk of a new day.
 Okay, but I warn you: it is unfinished.
 "Once upon a time / Some traffic lights did time / Colours on the snow / Where oh where did they all go?&quot;
 Oh yeah?  Well, not if I do... THIS!
 "Dancing is crazy; fun to do / Would you like to dance?  Yes, you!&quot;
 Are there cash awards for poetry, do you know?
 Goodness, I haven't been on very many wacky adventures lately.  It's time to change that! It's time for - 
 Dromiceiomimus, want to go on a wacky adventure with me?
 That's - that's true.  It is best to be sensible about wack adventures.  Maybe I'll get back to you in a week?
 I'm wacky! I'm ultra wacky.
 Well - sure! Okay! Okay, yeah, let's just - you know, set out.  For adventure.
 Hah! Diseases in the WATER?
 Hello! You need to fall in love.
 Everybody needs to fall in love! To fall in love is to value another person's happiness above your own to want to be with them and make your lives together the bet they could possibly be. Are you saying you would not like to love and be loved? Of course you would. Your partner is out there looking for you.  You should probably get on this.
 You are diluting our message here, UTAHRAPTOR.
 A private room? Oh man, were you just namedropping M.C. MASTURBATION? 
 A what?
 Tada! The aging machine is completed!
 Dromiceiomimus, what have YOU done today? I'VE just made a machine that makes people age, with God's help!
 No. No, that would be good but this is actually just a machine that leaks invisible cell-decaying radiation.
 B-Because God told me to?
Utahraptor: That's insanely dangerous, T-Rex! Geez!! I'm leaving. I don't want to be around a dude who has a LIFE-DESTROYING MACHINE nearby.
 Man, you're right! What was I thinking? Well, you can REST ASSURED that I'll be taking this up with God at my earliest convenience.
 So yeah! That's why I can never see myself using the word "twincest&quot;.
 I am a pretty satisfactory dude, and yet sometimes, I feel incomplete. The reason for this is simple:
 I've never been moved to tears by music!
 We have this cultural image of some prodigy beautifully playing the piano while everyone in the audience weeps. If I were there, I could only look around in confusion! I like music, sure, and some of it is very pretty, but to cry about it? I wouldn't know where to start! With crying pills, I guess?
 You know, I have no idea!
 Maybe they do, but they're just super spicy pills, so people's eyes well up when they bite into them. Anyway!
 Man, that's just because movies have sad narratives! Music just has a bunch of notes that I am entirely unable to relate to on any emotional level. On account of my untrained ears and my magnificent manly heart?
 Can you just ASK someone to fall in love with you?
 Perhaps not!
 But! If directly asking them doesn't work, what about thousands and thousands of implied requests?
 What if everything I did was expressly designed to make a certain someone love me?
Utahraptor: That's so manipulative, T-Rex!
 It's not manipulative! It's ADORING.
 It's simply directing my self-development towards an end result I imagine my target would be happy with, as if to say, "how about now?&quot;
 Wait, did I say "my target&quot;? I mean my soulmate! My sweetheart. My mark!
 My thesis is that when a guy is like, "am I finally good enough?&quot;, chicks totally dig it?
 I have written a new story, called "Make Way, Here Comes Tiny Chef!&quot;
 It's about a tiny chef who makes tiny food for everyone!
 And although he's tiny in size, his food is always big on taste.  Oh!  And there's a scene where he cooks a big banquet for everyone, and it's really good, and everyone says thanks to him all at once, and Tiny Chef says, "Oh, it wasn't any trouble!&quot;  Then he smiles and adds, &quot;Actually, maybe it was just a... TINY bit of trouble?&quot; and everybody laughs.  Oh, Tiny Chef!
Utahraptor: It sounds like a fun story, T-Rex!
 Really!  You approve!
 Whoah, children's book?  Mine is a book for adults, Utahraptor.  My market is fully-grown men and women who would like to find out just a little bit more about one very tiny chef.
 For have we all not woken up in the morning only to ask ourselves "What is it really like, being a tiny chef in a world of regular-sized chefs?  Is there no book to explore this tantalizing question?&quot;
 Friends, I have good news!  The answer is no longer 'no'!
 I'm not going to leave what happens to me after I die up to others.  What if they put on a weaksauce funeral?
 People might equate a weaksauce funeral with a correspondingly weaksauce dude!
 Worse, what if they bury me in an UNCOOL part of the graveyard?
Dromiceiomimus: Aww, we wouldn't do that, T-Rex!  We would bury you with all the cool kids.
 Perhaps!  But I've decided to solve this problem ONCE AND FOR ALL by arranging my own funeral, plot and gravestone myself.  Tada!
 Really?
 Spooky!
 Huh!  It seems less cool knowing that it's been done before.  But I guess I COULD still visit my grave and pretend to be a time traveler who's changed the past!  The whole "Noo!  I changed the past!&quot; idea.  You know?
 Like I'm surprised at how sucky a time traveler I am?
  Bisexuality can lead to all sorts of new and exciting self-labels!  Labels like "biknowledgeable&quot;!  &quot;Bisensitive&quot;!
  "Bidisillusioned!&quot;
  Hah hah, SWEET.  Sorry it's not working out, bidisillusioned dude!!
Dromiceiomimus:  T-Rex, I'm not sure if this is fair to bisexuals.
  But Dromiceiomimus, there's also being bianxious.  And being bitraumatized!  BISCANDALIZATION.
Dromiceiomimus:  T-Rex -
  How BISTONISHING!
Utahraptor:  I somehow doubt that real bisexuals prefix all their words with "bi&quot;, T-Rex!
  Of course not!
  It's just the verbs.  And the adjectives.  Anyway, I think I know what real bisexuals do.
  For your information, I have read SEVERAL websites on the subject.
  For instance, did you know that whenever women are alone they have pillow fights, and then they practise kissing on each other?  I've seen the pictures!
  I mean - I mean my friend has seen the pictures.
  IT'S FOR A PROJECT FOR SCHOOL.
 What's happening to me? I feel so different all of a sudden!
 My brain is flooding with new ideas and concepts!
 This cabin for example, represents the great works of mankind.  My foot symbolizing a Derridesque deconstruction, forever driving a wedge between the artist and his creation.
 But what is a universe compared to the collective arts of countless civilizations?
 Here comes that utahraptor, again.  No doubt to debunk my pseudo-philosophical ideals.
 What?!?!
 Have I learned nothing?!?!
 Friends are good things to have! They can help you out when you are sad (a psychological benefit), and can lend you money if you need it (an economic benefit)!
 It is these positive benefits of having friends that concern me!
 I'm pretty sure I like my friends because of the people they are, but what if I'm just kidding myself? What if I really just like them because they're an economic cushion - someone to bail me out, even literally, if I get into trouble?
Dromiciomimus: Well - I mean, you'd do the same thing for us, T-Rex.
 Exactly! We hedge our bet by having friends!
Utahraptor: There are friendships that go beyond this shared benefit, T-Rex!
 How so?
 They are even MORE of an economic benefit! They are get out of jail free cards, people who you can rely on in any situation.
 Wait!! My problem's that I'm seeing any positive effect of friendship as income, and thus everyone involved in one as compromised in a conflict of interest. I would only be happy if having friends was awful! Thanks, rare and brilliant moments of perfect self-awareness!
 I learnt a new phrase today!
 "Intellectual terrorism!&quot;
 "I first thought it was a ridiculous phrase, both on its own and with all the phrases it suggested, like &quot;emotional terrorism&quot; and &quot;pseudo-intellectual terrorism&quot;. But if ideas are powerful, then maybe you can terrorize someone with them! Maybe? Then again, &quot;intellectual terrorism&quot; comes very close to saying that ideas I disagree with or find distasteful are wrong, and worse, damaging and weaponized. Whatever, intellectual terrorism!
 In just the way you'd think!
 Someone didn't like what they were reading, so they defined its contents as "terrorism&quot;. I think they were serious.
 I AM DEFINITELY FLIRTING WITH FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW!!
 Today is a good day I think for cleaning up my house. Goodness!
 I will clean it up REALLY well. I will mop the floors! I will mop the walls or whatever. I will tear the house down and REBUILD it, metaphorically speaking. I'm illustrating this metaphor by literally stomping on this house!
Dromiceiomimus: That's very apt, T-Rex.
 Thanks!
 Yes!
 For you see, the woman represents years of build-up of grime and dirt. By stomping on her I illustrate cleaning power - not of any household cleaner, but of simply applying yourself!
 Yes! To grime and dirt!
 Am I the only dude who truly wishes it were possible to clean a house with METAPHORS??
 Because it rules?
Utahraptor: Hey, T-Rex!
 Hello!
T-Rex (thinking): Aren't analogies usually non-literal? He's clearly the gem diamond trade.
 Oh yes, I have an idea for the Best Victimless Prank Ever!  Plus it'll give a cashier a good story to tell.  Dromiceiomimus, you've got to help me on this one.
 Dromiceiomimus?
 Dromiceiomimus, there you are!
 Dromiceiomimus, I need your help with a prank. The prank is, we all get some really fake stick-on moustaches even though we're all of age, THEN we put them on and go into a convenience store and we all buy ADULT PORNOGRAPHIC MAGAZINES!!  Hee hee!
 Sure can!!
 Let's do it!
 Buying this magazine made me feel dirty and ashamed!  Have I once again thoughtlessly aided the exploitation of our nation's topless lesbian teens?
 Who would win in a fight, Superman or Batman?
 The answer is "Batman&quot;!
 Anyone who doubts this need only remember that Batman is really smart, and that they're probably wrong.
 Batman has BATMAN SKILLS.
 Oh, he'd know.
 Batman doesn't have "nappy times&quot;!!
 OH GOD
 OUR FRIENDSHIP HAS NEVER BEEN SO ENDANGERED
 Ladies, your attention please! Are you aware that I'm a predator? Don't you find that ATTRACTIVE? Perhaps, yes? And what if I told you I was not JUST a predator, but also a grade-A...
 ...SEXUAL predator??
Dromiceiomimus: Whoah, T-Rex! What the heck are you doing, making jokes about sexual predators?
 What? I'm not making jo- OH MY GOODNESS. I honestly didn't even think that it could be read that way! I meant it in the sense of like, a basketball player and then a grade-A SEXUAL basketball player. Not in the sex offender sense!
 Aw man!! That's the end of me!
 Well - the real meaning of "sexual predator&quot; honestly didn't occur to me until Dromiceiomimus pointed it out, and I had already, um, sort of registered myself on websites dedicated towards keeping track of sexual predators.
 Dear audio diary: today I may have accidentally registered myself as a sex offender! WHAT IS WRONG WITH MY LIFE
 All right!
 Time for some funny jokes!
 Dromiceiomimus, here's a funny joke.  A skeleton walks into a bar and orders a drink and a mop!
 Perhaps you are just listening to it wrong!  It's funny because skeletons have no internal organs.  Hah hah hah!  How is he animate?  Why is he thirsty?  It sure raises some funny questions!
 Man, forget her!  Animate skeletons are INHERENTLY FUNNY.
 Of course!  I should be able to say "animate skeleton&quot; and people should just start laughing.  For my encore I could say &quot;He's thirsty!  What a thirsty, thirsty animate skeleton!&quot;
 Right!  "Imagine that!&quot;
 Hmm...!
[[T-Rex has a thought bubble with a skeleton inside]]
 Hey, have they ever made a video game where you get to control a car and your goal is to get it to grow up into a bigger car?
 Because they TOTALLY should!
 And so it's like - you need to care for your car to make it grow up into a truck and then an SUV and if you're lucky a monster truck. Maybe a plane. Weird cars grow up into boats.
 Yes! People are TIRED of animals as pets. They want cars that age! I know because I played a game once and that's what I wanted.
 Dude, I already said!
 You take care of little cars and then they grow up into awesome cars or stupid-lookin' boats. The end! Fifty points!
 "Oil treats&quot;? Come on! It's called &quot;CHANGING THE OIL&quot;, and it gets you a +1 happiness in Car Car Simulator Trucko Boat 3.
 Will no-one make my video game dream a fevered reality?
 What a beautiful, crime-free, vigilante-filled day!
 Oh, hellow, Dromiceiomimus! I hear you had a. . . SUPER day today?
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, sshhh! Keep your voice down!
 Whoops, right! I gotcha. I will keep things "on the down low&quot;. It's our secret! Our secret IDENTITY!
 Our - our secret.
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex!
 Hey!
 Hey, have you seen Dromiceiomimus today? I hear she's got a secret! A secret one might even classify as. . . "super&quot;?
 No, I'm just SUGGESTING that if a building falls on you, you might want to call her first.
 I seriously just can't stop blabbing about Dromiceiomimus's secret identity!
 Ahhh, my old dinosaur bones yearn for a simpler time.
 Truly ignorance is bliss. Ignorance and stomping humans, that is.
 If that stupid Utahraptor hadn't told me his theory, I could easily stomp a tiny cabin like this wihout a care in the world.
 Indeed we would... Indeed we would.
 I knew this would get your attention. Now, why did you tell me your theory in the first place?
 Funny, I don't remember that.
 But what if i could?
 I have finally come up with a way to become immortal! It's perfect, because I don't have to do anything except DIE, and I was already probably going to do that anyway!
 Yes, all I have to do is be reincarnated. Indefinitely!
 Isn't that great, Dromiceiominus? We can have this conversation as many times as we want! I can stomp on things forever!
 AW MAN! Sucky dogs? POO bugs??
 Poo bugs are SCIENTIFICALLY the lamest sorts of bugs!
 Well, I can't stop now! Besides if I DO come back as a poo bug, then there's not much damage I can do, right? Maybe I'll get stomped on by some other dude pretty quickly and it'll be so TRAGIC that next time I get to be an awesome T-Rex again.
 Success!!
 I have a secret! The secret is that I absolutely ate potato chips last night instead of a real dinner.
 Nobody must ever find out my AWESOME SECRET!
 So, Dromiceiomimus - what's up?
 That's cool, that's cool. Listen, I believe that it's critically important to have three square meals a day, okay? That's what *I* believe.
Dromiceiomimus: Okay, T-Rex.
 Awesome.
 Well, that should throw her off the trail!
 Oh! Um... throw... women, off the trail of my - feelings?
 You know it!
 Man, that movie ROCKED, right guys?
 I dunno...I liked it!
 Dear guy whose car alarm went off last night outside my window at three in the morning:
 Forget you, man!
 Your car alarm is ridiculous. Years of trigger-happy alarms have trained the public to ignore them, and nobody would care if your tastelessly noisy car got stolen anyway. If someone had driven off in it last night as the alarm was blaring, I would have applauded him! THIS IS WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO MY SENSE OF CIVIC RESPONSIBILITY.
 The honest answer is "heck yes!&quot;
 I would have smiled as I drifted back to nappy times. But in my defence, I was really tired! Plus, the guy was a jerk. He was all, "Man, if my car gets stolen, I want the WHOLE BLOCK to know! My car is totally important to everybody.&quot;
 Oh man! Let's go to the beach and hang out in flattering swimsuits!
 Now THIS is what I call "an interesting narrative&quot;!
 It's time for some embarrassing stories!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you have any EMBARRASSING STORIES you feel like sharing?
 Well! I suppose that's fair. I did kind of put you on the spot. Maybe - maybe next time!
 And maybe UTAHRAPTOR will have some embarrassing stories!
 MAN! I don't want to be the only dude with an embarrassing past. You must have something!
 That is so BARELY embarrassing.
 I've actually done that too!
 The saddest thing I can imagine is a kid who's very sick, but who still loves to play marbles in the park! He's got a mobile IV, and one day it gets stuck in a storm drain on the way to the park, and in trying to free it, he loses all his marbles in the sewer.
 Aww! I'm sorry, imaginary dude!
Dromiceiomimus: That is pretty sad, T-Rex! If you want some advice, my secret to making things sad has always been in filling out the background details. If the parents gave the kid the marbles BEFORE he got sick, and if this simple luxury was the last they could afford before the medical bills started coming in, that makes it more sad, I think!
 It's true! Huh! Thanks for the advice, Dromiceiomimus.
 Huh?
 It TOTALLY works! I just thought that losing a job would be sad, but a poor little injured puppy losing its job? That's heartbreaking!
 Dromiceiomimus! I've come up with a new saddest thing ever!
Dromiceiomimus: What's that, T-Rex?
 A universe where we never became friends.
 Awww!
 "Live every day like it's your last.&quot;  How hard could it be?
 Upon closer inspection, forget THAT noise!
 I'm not going to live my life according to a dumb clich? saying, and anyway, IF I DID, it would be ridiculous because I'd either end up spending each day in increasing terror trying to do something universally memorable, or, more heartwarming, spending each and every day thanking my friends for their love and watching the sunset while quietly weeping!  NO THANKS.
 I guarantee it!
 You know what?  I find the existence of those plans DOUBTFUL.
 Oh man, a sunset!  Boo hoo hoo!
 I will become rich and famous by becoming the world's best baker. My flagship product will be brilliant! It will be rich, delicious, low-fat...
 ...gender rolls!
 Hee hee! Get it , Dromiceiomimus? They're rolls, like bun rolls, but also GENDER rolls!
 No, those are sex rolls. Gender rolls are shaped like housewives and firemen!
 Dude, it is certain!
 They're animal crackers for a new generation. Come on! It's a great pun, PLUS, every time you go into my bakery you can choose your own gender roll! It's brilliant!
 They do if they want to use the washrooms, dammit.
 Ha! I have made a hilarious typographic error!
 BUT HOW TO PROFIT FROM IT?
 I have started a radio show! It is an advice show. People can call me and I will give them advice on all of their problems, from being locked out of their house to being EMOTIONALLY locked out of their house in a RELATIONSHIP.
 I call it, "I Know! I'll Ask T-Rex About My Stupid Problems!&quot;
Dromiceiomomimus: Do you think people will call into a show with that title, T-Rex? They'd be, you know, tacitly admitting that their problems are stupid.
 This is a good thing! Stupid problems, like "I bought too much mayonnaise&quot;, are easy to solve. (The solution is to give away, return, or consume the extra mayonnaise.)
 Easy: my mom answers them!
 We're going to team up. I'll answer the silly questions, and there'll be a feature called "Ask T-Rex's Mom&quot;, where she'll answer all the hard questions. Moms are really good at things like that.
T-Rex's Mom: Dear Stranded On The Moon, that's an interesting problem you have there. It's almost as interesting as how a full grown T-Rex could forget Mother's Day!
 Aw MOM!
 There are some phrases, usually joined by "and&quot; or &quot;or&quot;, that we always say the same way even though it would make logical sense to say them another way.  For example: &quot;I am sick and tired of these phrases!&quot;
 Or am I merely... TIRED AND SICK of them?
 Eh, Dromiceiomimus?  Pretty awesome!  By saying the words of these phrases in UNPOPULAR order, I subvert people's expectations AND the bolts and nuts of language itself!
Dromiceiomimus: That's nice, T-Rex!
 Aw, you're not interested?  You just want some quiet and peace?  You're not falling for this sinker, line, and hook?
Utahraptor: So - at the end of the day, what does this prove, T-Rex?
 That I have BLOWN PEOPLE'S MINDS??
 Also: that I have played loose and fast with language.
 The POINT, my friend, is - that you should come over for dinner tonight?
 Maybe you'd all like to come and have some dinner first?
 Well then, I'd best begin my preparations for time-travel! I'll stop that Utahraptor of 3 days ago from telling the past me about his theory.
 Swirling maelstrom of dark energies: Check!
 Dino-Goggles: Check! Well, that's everything.  I guess I'm ready to go back through time.
 Ahh, three days in the past.  Now I'll get Utahraptor to tell his theory to me instead of the past me.
Utahraptor: Hi T-Rex, what's new?
 Say... you wouldn't happen to have any new theories to tell me? Perhaps about humans and dinos not existing in the same time period?
 Not again!!
 Sleeping with the window open: second best thing ever?
 OR, absolutely the BEST thing ever??
Dromiceiomimus: Man, you must really like sleeping with the window open,T-Rex!
 Sure do!  I love getting a fresh breeze on my face and smelling the dew on the grass or whatever that night-time smell is.  It's great!  In summary and in conclusion: if there's a sleeping with the window open fan club, sign me up to be EL PRESIDENTE.
 And ammo!
 We're doomed!  Damn this dystopian future!  What kind of world have we made for our children??
 Sleeping with the window open still rules, though!
 I am against giving your sweetie flowers when you are in a relationship. Oh God! Think of the symbolism!
 The horrible symbolism!
 No way! They represent AFFECTION, right? They represent your love. But they die in like a week, no matter what you do! I don't need no punkass flowers reminding me that everything beautiful dies sooner than I want to believe.
 I buy POTTED PLANTS.
 They're still in the ground, so they last for years! Tada!
 True! However, the plants now ALSO serve as a constant reminder of me and how I need water (viz., smooches)!
 I am writing a book called "Relentless Reminders of Physical Neediness: Maybe She'll Like You Now?&quot;
 Here are some of the worst things I've ever done by accident!  ACCIDENT ONE: slapped someone right in the face!
 Kapow!
 I didn't see them there, that's all!
 WHO CAN SAY?  All we really know for sure is that it was DEFINITELY an accident.
Utahraptor: Man, that was ME you slapped in the face, T-Rex!
 Hah!  Accidentally!
 Man, such slander!  You're parents should have named YOU "Sweeps Week&quot;.
 By that, I mean to say that you are doing something controversial and exciting in order to get higher ratings!  I'm likening you to a TV show.
 We cool?
 Primitivism is the artistic and cultural idea that prehistorical and tribal societies were, and are, better that modern societies.
 Okay guys! Whatever!
 The trouble I have with primitivism is the half-assed way it's always evoked: it's this simplified idea of "primitive&quot; cultures, where some things get highlighted while a lot of detail gets ignored or obliterated completely. All the women were totally topless and all the men wore body paint and hunted with spears! Life was good in the forest!
 Primitivism has this strange semi-positive racism attached to it too.
 Yeah! You exaggerate traits as you often do with racism, but you make them positive things instead of negative. Natives were better because they were all stoic and noble and loved Mother Nature. Okay, great, but what if you're native and you're not like that?
 Man, you're always screwing those two up!!
 I wonder what it's like, being an attractive woman.  Would I be tired of guys coming up and talking to me just because I'm pretty?  Or would I rather find it flattering?
Dromiceiomimus: You'd also have to deal with sexual prejudice, T-Rex!  All your bragging about your sexual prowess and "memorable lovemaking techniques&quot; would probably make people think you're kind of slutty!
 No!
 But - I'm not slutty!
 I would honestly wear a shirt that says that.
 Spring break!!
 Zombies! Everyone loves zombies. They are a window onto the Other! They let us face our fears of society in a way that is accessible and compelling, as well as accessibly and compellingly cannibalistic!
 T-Rex loves zombies!
 I think what I love best about them is when they're used to represent mindless behaviour in our own society. For example, if instead of me, we saw a ZOMBIE DINOSAUR stomping on this house, then wow! Suddenly stomping on things is highlighted as maybe something we should think about more! Are we really acting that thoughtless when we stomp on things? Thanks for the eye opener, dinosaur zombies!
 Yep!
 When feasible, anyway. I ALSO really like it when zombies catch someone and tear them apart, and the person is all "O no, zombies! My day is ruined!&quot;
 Man, that's just because it was a convenient example! I am still ENTIRELY IN FAVOUR of stomping on things. 
 In other news, will the illustrative power of zombies forever be fumbled in my mighty hands?
 Occam's razor is a principle of simplicity! It says that one should always choose the simplest explanation for something, when given a choice between competing theories of different complexity.
 Anyway, yeah!
 It makes sense!
 Yep! As I say, it makes sense.
 INDEED.
 Hooray for Occam's Razor!
 Holy crap, is that a pet duck? How do you go about getting a pet duck?
 I MUST OWN ONE.
 Time to go back in time and visit the CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION.
 Radical!
 Wait, Dromiceiomimus? What are you doing here? I was trying to go back in time to visit the CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION.
 I CAN NEITHER CONFIRM NOR DENY THOSE PLANS.
 No! Maybe! I don't know!
 I just wanted to visit the most recent common ancestor for all of us - the woman from whom we are all descended, and, you know, chat her up.
 My God, is that what "chat up&quot; means?!
 I - 
 My God.
 I have a new philosophy which is terrible AND compelling "#8211; arguably, the best kind of philosophy! Okay, so! Some dudes are stronger and/or smarter than other dudes, right?
 Right! There are some tough and smart dudes!
 BUT, none of them are so tough or so smart as to not be afraid of death (here we are ignoring sage Buddhist dudes who are probably not actually afraid of death). So! In a state of nature, everyone wants to avoid being killed, and so will defend themselves when faced with death. But since we need resources like food and water to live, and they're not infinite, we are constantly warring with one another for access to them.
 Everyone is fighting everyone in and ENDLESS BATTLE FOR SURVIVAL!
 That's for us to realize that war sucks (it makes us die too), and so to give up a little of our freedom in exchange for an ABSOLUTE AUTHORITY who will ensure internal peace and common defence. Tada!
 Not exactly this! He also says that life in the state of nature was "solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short&quot;, a compelling phrase unmatched by my poor offering of &quot;sage Buddhist dudes&quot;. But I have a better phrase!
 Is it once again time... FOR "SPOOKY PUBES&quot;??
 I can't believe it, I'm the source of my own problems? But I so enjoy blaming society for my shortcomings!
 Perhaps a good stomping will ease my troubled mind.
 Pretty much, yeah.
 I guess you're here to gloat, Utahjerktor.
 WHAA??
 Seriously? I guess my trip through time wasn't all bad then.  I probably shouldn't have slept with my grandmother, though.
 Shut up!
 Here's something that I, T-Rex the talking dinosaur, have trouble believing in: true love!
 The problem I have is that so many people claim to have found if, but the odds that you'd ever meet that one person AND that they'd be available, willing, and of the right gender and sexual orientation are really pretty small. CONCLUSION: a lot of people must be faking it!
 Debatable! People often talk about finding "the one&quot;.
Utahraptor: I think that you're being too strict about this, T-Rex!
 How's that?
 Hey, since when do you come up with such nice analogies for true love?
 Man! LUCKY.
 Being tall in a world designed for average people can be sucky sometimes!
 On account of the occasional back pain, that is!
 Sometimes! Only when I do the dishes. It's just because the counters at my house are designed for "norms&quot;, so I have to bend over to wash things in the sink!
 ("Norms&quot; is what I call normal people, AND sets of guys named &quot;Norm&quot;.)
 Sure, I guess!
 ALTHOUGH, I'd rather if we didn't. There's a lot of issues and politics around disabilities (can deafness be something to be proud of? What do you make of strangers who volunteer to push you in your wheelchair?), and I'd rather not get involved in the debate via my being "super tall&quot;.
 HEY AN AUDIENCE MEMBER HAS SOME OPINIONS HE'D LIKE TO SHARE
 ME
 I'M THE AUDIENCE MEMBER
 Is it possible to imagine something SO INSANELY DISGUSTING that I actually, physically, throw up? Is my imagination that powerful?
 I actually don't think I ever want to find out!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you ever approach something new, and sort of decide if you want to be really good at it, or just a dabbler?
 Yeah, I do that sometimes too. You know? Like with painting. I don't think I even WANT to be that good at it. I just like my na?ve enjoyment of it.
Utahraptor: T-Rex! We'll be late for the movie!!
 Just a sec just a sec!
 Okay, okay! Just a sec!
 Aw, darn it! GROSS!
 SOCIoLOGICAL THEORY: We, as a people, have lost the "big picture&quot;, worrying more about problems at home than problems that affect us on a planetary scale! We have lost a sense of global purpose. And I have proof!
 Proof in the form of lyrics from POPULAR MUSIC, baby!
Dromiceiomimus: What makes you think this, T-Rex?
 Popular music! I just said. Popular music. Because in the 60s it was all, "everyone around the world, join hands&quot;, but recently, it's all &quot;people in the house, say 'wayoooh'&quot; or whatever. We are singularly focused on rooms in houses and have forgotten the rest of the world! Theory: incontestably proven?
Utahraptor: Theory: probably just an attempt to somehow pick up chicks by T-Rex?
 No way dude!
 My theory is both funny AND accurate, and I believe you diss stems from the fact that you're JUST JEALOUS of how I pick up chicks with my fine, fine theories.
 I told you before! THEIR CAR BROKE DOWN. The chicks were all coming to hang out with me in the same car to save on gas, and it broke down. That is what happens to cars sometimes!
 Even chicks are subject to ENTROPY, man.
[[T-Rex's dialog is in a  thought bubble]]
 People probably find sleeping in the fetal position comfortable because it reminds them of the womb
 Wait, I'm a brilliant psychologist! ALL COMFORT COMES FROM THE WOMB!
 People find hugs comforting because it reminds them of the tight squeeze of the womb! My kisses are popular because they remind people of amniotic fluid in the womb.
Dromiceiomimus: I think you may be doing something wrong if your kisses remind people of amniotic fluid, T-Rex!
 Perhaps! But that is a topic for ANOTHER TIME
 Right, right!
 Well, I think my points are still valid. I don't know about you, but I do sleep in the "egg fetus&quot; position.
T-Rex Besides being amniotic fluidy, YES, my kisses are memorably yolky.
 Yes, they will!
 I don't want anything bad to happen to my friends! I don't want anything bad to happen to people who aren't my friends either, but I don't want anything bad to happen to my friends IN PARTICULAR.
 The odds are that SOMEONE I know will be a victim of theft or crime or an accident or even violence, and that sucks, because there's basically nothing I can do to stop it!
Dromiceiomimus: You COULD stop it if you had absolute dominion over time and space, T-Rex.
 You know I don't!!
 Oh, it's not fear.
 It's just - a preemptive sadness, I guess? Melancholy.  By "melancholy&quot; I mean &quot;a thoughtful sadness&quot; as opposed to the archaic definition (&quot;a black bile once believed to be excreted by the kidneys&quot;).
 I stomped on people while talking about how sad it is when bad things happen!  This is an example of "dramatic irony&quot;.
 Utahraptor, you crazy dude! What are you doing in my epilogue?
 I've come up with the best idea ever! Oh my goodness. LAUNDRY BAGS WITH GIANT GREEN DOLLAR SIGNS ON THEM. Hah hah! Am I robbing a bank in a cartoon or am I doing my laundry?
 IT IS DIFFICULT TO TELL!
 I am indeed! Or at least, I was indeed, until I realized that you could just make your own with just a little fabric paint and a working knowledge of what dollar signs looks like. 
Utahraptor: I actually think this has been done before, T-Rex!
 Aw man, really?
 I did kinda suspect it might've been done before, since it seemed like a really funny idea, but I've never seen any such laundry bags! I'll just claim to have INDEPENDENTLY invented them.
 Yes! I will be that other dude! I will be forever immortalized as a "second place finisher&quot; in history.
 Wait, no, that sucks!
 Utahraptor is afraid of ghosts!
 Hah hah hah! Spoooooky!
 Utahraptor is afraid of ghosts and his favourite song is "The Gambler&quot; by Kenny Rogers.
 It's true!  He also bakes way too many cookies whenever he's baking treats and then when he's done he freezes the extras for later.
 Sure you do!
 But allow me to distract you with some facts about Dromiceiomimus : she really likes all kinds of boats. AND, and, she's afraid of heights sometimes!  
 Yep!
 I am making life interesting!  Also, did you know the Devil likes grape juice from concentrate?
 Wouldn't it be totally neat if life was more like a text-based adventure game?
 "You look around and see that the answer is yes!&quot;
 It'd be great because people would have solid goals - nobody would be left wondering what to do with their lives!
 Yeah! Plus, we'd have omniscient second-person narration!
Utahraptor: Have you bee talking to the Devil, T-Rex?
 Nopers!
 "take boat&quot;
 New bike day is when everybody gets new bikes!
 Woo! New bike day!
 And then, after we all get the new bikes, do you know what happens?
 What happens is we all receive gold medals for having such nice bikes!
 Now, we DEFINITELY have to name our bikes.
 My bike will be called "Sexual Intercourse: The Bike&quot;!
 Guys, guys - our gold medals are made of solid and delicious CHOCOLATE!! I'm SO GLAD new bike day truly exists here, in the real world.
 Let's hear it for reality, huh?
 I have been thinking lately
 Does anyone truly own the internet?
 I shall become its first and only lord!
 God?!?!
 Yes.
 Erk!
 Who here had a series of dreams last night where they were back in school and missing assignments? The answer: me, T-Rex!
 It was nuts! I never had such a stereotypical dream before.  I got in an assignment late and was trying to convince the professor to accept it, only he didn't want to and kept critiquing my penmanship.  Also the assignment was on pink paper.  I think it was the only paper I had!
 What was it?
 NO WAY. NO WAY.
 Professor, there must be SOMETHING I can do to convince you to take this assignment...
 I know! What is the friggin' deal?
 I had the weirdest dream last night.  Again!  Two nights of memorable dreams in a ro: A NEW PERSONAL BEST.
 I dreamt I was a cockfighter!
T-Rex Only, I wasn't a regular cockfighter, who battles his animals against those of an opponent.  It was with turkeys instead of chickens, and rather than fighting each other, I raced my own turkey around the countryside.  Halfway through the race we started fighting - I would punch and the turkey would hop up and peck me.  I remember holding back my punches a bit because I didn't want to be known as the kind of dude who would punch out a turkey.
 No!
 That was in a dream.  A DREAM.  I never actually punched out a turkey.
 No!!  I promise to never punch out a turkey.
 Good heavens!  I HAVE NO IDEA.  What??
 Am I doing the right thing with my life? What if what I'm doing with my time is actually something I will one day regret? What I NEED is some way to measure regret for every action and career path.
 Done and DONE!
 All I'll need to do is ask old people about their lives, and measure how many of them regret certain things! This "regret index&quot; will range from 0 (no regret) to 1 (total ultimate regret). With it, I can tell kids today that if you rub spider eggs into your eyes, you're 96% likely to regret it, but if you drink delicious lemonade and pop wheelies, the regret index on that is near 0!
 Yeah!
 But "regret index&quot; makes it sound more scientific. I honestly think this could be useful! You could find out how many people are still happy that they memorized every Star Trek episode!
 I, too, remain fully satisfied. 
 It all goes in the vault!
 How come it's not cool to have stories with morals at the end anymore? Are we too ironic and cool to appreciate a story that, you know, just straight-out tells you what to believe?
 Seriously! How come?
 I liked it when you read a story and you knew that at the end, the moral would be spelled out for you in the last sentence, so you'd be sure you didn't miss anything. Does slow and steady win the race? Can this be clarified in the conclusion somehow?
 I guess so!
 YES! and we'll have a "story off&quot; where we write stories and compete with each other!
 ADD A LOVE INTEREST!
Off screen: It's my turn right now, T-Rex!
 MY STORY HAS TWO LOVE INTERESTS
 I wonder: what's the strongest emotion?  What's the most powerful emotional experience I can look forward to?
 NOBODY SAY LOVE!
 Love isn't allowed because it's TOO OBVIOUS.  What's the strongest non-love emotion, Dromiceiomimus?
 Okay, hate isn't allowed either on account of house it's ARGUABLY the opposite of love.
Utahraptor: I think the strongest feeling is that of shame, T-Rex!
 A good choice, my friend!
 But, are you not forgetting the memorable emotion of hunger?
 Then why do I suddenly FEEL hungry, hmm?  Riddle me that!
 Constant hunger has robbed me of all identity.
 It's been what - four thousand years of civilization? Five thousand? How come we haven't solved all the problems and answered all the questions? 
 I think, as a people, we have kind of dropped the ball! 
 Seriously! I can't think of any revolutionary philosophical discoveries - like one that would make us all friends - that we've come across recently. Man, even DEMOCRACY was invented in Grecian times and we've just fleshed out some of the details since then. How come we haven't made any ultimate discoveries of essential truth?
Utahraptor: We have, T-Rex! We have made all sorts of SCIENTIFIC discoveries.
 TRUE.
 But the big questions - why are we here, where are we going - these are left OPEN despite lifetimes of work being thrown at them! I expect nothing less than total truth and civilization has given me five thousand years of LETTING ME DOWN.
 Man, forget this! I take back some of the things I said about civilization!
 I have had a revelation! I am wasting my time trying to discover one ultimate essential truth, when really I should be looking for essential truths, plural!
 What's true for you might not be true for me, Dromiceiomimus! Indeed, what's true for me today might not be what's true for me a month from now. I accept that there are many ways of living and that all that needs to be discovered is what is right for me, as an individual!
Utahraptor: Are you serious about this, T-Rex?
 Somewhat to moderately!
 Maybe it's universally true that everyone likes... to party?
 Good God! What are you cephalopods doing in my bedroom??
 I have gained provisional access to a shortwave radio!  Last night I was flipping around and discovered a NUMBERS STATION.  Question: how excellent is that?
 Answer: TOTALLY EXCELLENT??
 If you're unfamiliar with them, Dromiceiomimus, number stations are radio stations that play pre-recorded voices reciting long strings of numbers, often with a short musical cue beginning or ending the segments.  They are encoded communication often meant for spies, encrypted using one-time pads!
 I KNOW.
 I love that I live in a world where I can hear actual secret messages for spies!
 Entertaining and affecting and surreal.  Man!  Can you imagine waking up one day and finding that all the radio stations have been replaced by a little girl's voice reading out endless strings of numbers?  It would be GREAT.
 And GREAT.
 It would be like, "Hey, I wonder what's on the radio?  Oh, it's '39398 32348 59378 70636'!&quot;
 And then the dude would be like, "IT'S TOO AWESOME MY MIND IS BREAKING&quot;?
 Something is amiss!
 Perhaps it is simply a problem with my vision?
 Does the world look normal to you?
 God?!?!
 You gave me shitty eyeballs!
 Fucker!
 I have come up with a perfect way not to believe in anything wrong ever again.  Evidentialism
 A belief is justified only if there is sufficient evidence to support it!
 Therefore, I won't believe in things like faith healing, because there's no room for faith in evidentialism!  I also don't believe there's convincing evidence for anyone having kissed someone SO HARD that both people exploded, so I will have to regretfully concede that I don't believe that's happened yet either. But, at least I won't believe in anything I can't prove!  Thanks, evidentialism!
Utahraptor: But - how do you know to believe your evidence, T-Rex?
 Dude! It's EVIDENCE.
 A valid attack, perhaps strengthened by the old "What if we're all just brains in jars&quot; question!
 BUT!  What if I switch my beliefs to foundationalism, in which I mark a few beliefs as "foundations&quot; I consider to be &quot;self-evident&quot;?
 Faith, AND the possibility of weaponized kissing??
 The worst part of owning a cape is having to find excuses to wear it.
 Luckily, I am just the dude to manufacture such excuses! I have the perfect plan. Since it sucks to be the only dude in the room wearing a cape, I will simply start telling people that EXISTING holidays are now cape-wearing holidays. Like... Thanksgiving!
 Yes!  It is now a day to give thanks AND wear stylish outmoded fashions.
Utahraptor: You forgot to wear your stupid cape, T-Rex!
 Aw damn!!
 But YOU forgot to wear it too, Utahraptor.
 Well! I certainly hope you'll change your mind for VAMPIRE DAY next week. I'm DEFINITELY not forgetting my cape for that!
 Aw damn!!
 Pantheism is the belief that everything, the entire universe, is literally God!
 Like I said! The universe and God are the exact same thing!
 We all get to be divine, Dromiceiomimus! Better, everything I do is an act of God! Right now, THIS aspect of God wants to stomp on this other, more housey aspect of God.
 I see it more like, every tasty thing in the universe is God, and I'm getting HUNGRY.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you're just redefining "God&quot; to mean &quot;existence&quot;!
 Perhaps!
 But PERHAPS by making everything special, by spreading that divinity around a bit so that everyone gets a piece, we'll all see our world as the extraordinary place it is.
 Dude! It's not like you can't just make your own!
 The sexiest job competition is tasked with finding out who has the sexiest job. We must begin!
 Congratulations self! You are our leading candidate!
 You do a profoundly unpopular job. I am sorry to announce that yours is the least sexy job thus far.
 I'd do anyone who has their own website!
 I respect how you've made a career out of it, yet, it's still gross!
 There's one way to find out!
 Hey! HEY DUDE! TOENAIL DUDE!
 HOW DO YOU GET PAID?
 Attention Men!  Are you a man?  Here are some tips!
 Tip 1: Grooming is important!
  This means that you have to shower and if you always wake up with food on your face then you have to understand that you have a problem.  We all have problems, but yours is that you go to sleep beside bowls of wet salad and then in your sleep, you tip over the bowl.  You need to work on that.  I don't know what to tell you.
 Tip 2: prostate exams: apparently important?
 Tip 3: In some situtations, like truck stops, manliness is measured by virility, so you may wish to boast of sexual conquests.  But in other situations (job interviews), it's measured by problem solving skills and your ability to work in groups!
 Attention women!  Sometimes men fall asleep next to bowls of wet salad.  I don't know what to tell you.
 I have a friend who was hit with a 40 pound log on the head. She might have a concussion?
 What's the deal with THAT?
 What's the deal, logs? 
 Yeah, she's fine!
 She might have a concussion, but yeah. Still. I blame logs.
 She was at a log stacking show and this one chick totally sucked at stacking logs, basically?
 Man! My grandmother could stack logs better than you!
 What are you gonna do? Accidentally bean a friend of mine with a log and then feel powerfully guilty about it??
 I think that comedy goes bad after a while!  I don't think I've EVER laughed at a joke that's more than two hundred years old.
 Screw you, comedy!
 It's not just that jokes get dated, but that whole standards for comedy shift, I think.  Stuff that was edgy fifty years ago is old hat today!  We can recognize HOW it was supposed to be funny, but there's comedic writing from a hundred years ago that goes right over our heads today, simply because we don't have the cultural context to recognize that jokes are being made, that parody and satire are taking place.  Ouch for those guys!  Ouch for us in 200 years!
Utahraptor: Well, most everything changes with time, T-Rex!
 I guess!
 But I think comedy changes more than most.  We can read serious writing from centuries ago and the arguments are WAY more accessible than any jokes.
 Oh man, I never told you!  One time, I saw a stupid guy nobody likes eating too many bananas!!
 'Cause he was dumb!
 Dumb for BANANAS.
 Okay, so perhaps there ARE those who find old jokes in old books to be hilarious, and we just happen to have different senses of humour! IT MAY HAVE BEEN A MISTAKE TO GENERALIZE ACROSS EVERY LIVING THING THAT CAN LAUGH, AND ALSO READ.
 This I do concede!
 But, I still think that it's true that, given a random joke from the present and one from the past, the average person will be more likely to laugh at the present joke, just because they have more context. I'm convinced present-day jokes about airplane food will fade in cultural relevance and become less funny as airplanes are replaced by HoverPants!
Utahraptor: Hey, nice move, T-Rex!
 Ah, you refer to my classy search for a middle ground!
 Hee, it's true! It's the same argument, but since the future doesn't exist yet, nobody can really argue with me about it one way or the other!
 The hell? What was I saying about us not existing?
 I would have words with past T-Rex! That dude has a lot of STALE FRIGGIN' OPINIONS.
 Man!  What is the DEAL with triflin' friends indeed?
 They appear to reliably take my money when I'm in need!
 Dromiceiomimus!  Here's a crazy question.  Would you say that YOU are a triflin' friend indeed?
Dromiceiomimus: I would not, T-Rex!  I would not.  I'm not triflin'!
 I don't know "#8212; are you sure you're not possibly . . . . triflin'??
 I am IN LOVE with this song!
 The "Gold Digger&quot; one.  It's about a woman who is a gold digger, and then the narrator suggests to her that maybe she's a gold digger!
 Then she takes the narrator's money when he's in need!
 What's this, a radio?
 What if this is the high point of my life? What if it's all downhill from here?! That sucks!
 For me!!
 I kind of hoped I might go a bit further than this in life, but then again, maybe not.  It's entirely possible that this, right here, is as far as I go. In 10 years I could be that guy who is WAY too nostalgic for the past. "Remember how great it was before I screwed up my life, guys?&quot; That'll be me.
 I'll be that guy!
 I could be TOO TIRED from the weight of a life squandered to stomp on even the smallest of log cabins and women.
 I don't think so either, really, but maybe guys who peaked in high school thought this too! Then they made some bad decisions.
 People who've made bad decisions: I salute you!
 I have thought of the snappiest comeback ever! All I have to do is trick that Utahraptor into telling me what he'd like to make a living doing, if he had a choice. Then I can say:
 "Well, sure...&quot;
 "If you call that 'living'!&quot;
 He will be so shocked! I expect this "zinger&quot; to go down in history as the best example of its kind ever!
 Stomping a few buildings and women should get his attention...
 Only if you answer me a question!
 If you could do anything to make a living, what would it be?
 ... if you call that "living!&quot;
 When I'm dead I want to be rembered not for my fossiled remains but for my...
 Rock Music!!!!!
 wHHHOOOOoooo
 God?!?!
 but god......
 ROCK MUSIC!!!!!
 Are there lots of hot babes in hell?
 That was a joke! Hot babes? Hell? Hot? Hell is hot?
 Hooray for visiting old friends!
 Old friends are the best kind of friends because you still get along really well, even though you maybe haven't seen each other for a long time. It is a time for healthy nostalgia and for talking of tomorrow! 
Dromiceiomimus: But current friends are good too, aren't they T-Rex?
 Yes! My endorsement of old friends is not meant to be taken as a slight against friends currently in rotation.
Utahraptor: What do you like best about visiting old friends, T-Rex? 
 An excellent question!
 I think what I like best is how you have the intimacy years of friendship provides, but also the perspective gained from any time spent apart. It lets you be honest with each other! You can see how everyone's changed and talk and laugh about it.
 Aww! Well, I'll be their friend, unless there's a good reason why they don't have any friends, such as rampant murderism or incurable stealie-o-holicism.
Utahraptor: Neither of those are actual afflictions, T-Rex!
 Then we're SET!
 How many emotions are there?? I can think of at least three.
 Desire, elation, and rage!
 Yep! It's about a woman who desires something, then gets it and is pretty elated about the whole thing, but then, AFTERWARDS, she's pretty pissed.
Utahraptor: I think emotions are not discrete but rather a continuum, T-Rex!
 I find your views interesting! Tell me more!
 Breakfast pleasure! Finally, I have words for that most sublime of satisfactions!! BREAKFAST PLEASURE. I love breakfast pleasure.
Utahraptor: I know, T-Rex.
 I'm not entirely certain that you do!
 Has this strapping young dinosaur perhaps become a little... COMPLACENT?
 It's time to go traveling!
 This is because travel beats complacency if you do it right!  When you're traveling as a backpacker, outside of the regular tourism industry, you're off the beaten path AND doing a lot of new things all on your own.  You meet new people and, since you're put in an environment where you're probably less comfortable than you usually are (both literally and figuratively), you're in a prime situation for self-discovery as well!
 Absolutely!
 But - I mean, I know it's not entirely a positive thing.  All tourism can change the areas it touches!  My role as a backpacker COULD be seen as an advance scout for the larger tourism industry - and if I find something wonderful, odds are others will soon follow.
 I don't know, man!  Stop traveling?  Encase unspoiled areas in amber?  Use spaceships to colonize new planets and therefore delay the issue until there are no new frontiers?
 That's cause it's got rockets!
 Hey! Hey Utahraptor! Do - do you think that some guys go to liquor stores to pick up chicks because they know everyone there is over 18?
 Or at least -
 - willing to pretend?
Dromiceiomimus: Hah! Aw! That's terrible, T-Rex!
 Dromiceiomimus, what are YOU doing here? I thought it was Just The Guys!
 Disaster!
 So personally, Dromiceiomimus, I feel that - 
 Whoah, Utahraptor! I thought that DROMICEIOMIMUS was behind me!
 NO. NO I WASN'T.
 Incidentally, I don't have any friends who aren't gendered!
 Man, forget television, books, films, short films, to a lesser extent plays and other theatre, and the remaining popular media! They have cheapened emotion by putting it on constant display.
 This I do believe!
 Maybe "cheapened&quot; is too strong a word, but it's now - routine? Predictable? Now if we've made a big mistake we can't say &quot;My God! What have I done?&quot; because it's too clich?: we either have to acknowledge that or reach for another way to express it. IN CONCLUSION AND IN SUMMARY, the highest experience life can offer us have already been acted out for us, cheapened by imitation and reference instead of experienced firsthand!
 Sometimes! Especially when I get angry.
 It's just that - it can be hard to have a meaningful conversation when you're dancing around all these clich?s.
 Aww! That is me! I talk as if nobody's listening, I dance as if nobody's watching, and I eat as if nobody's hungry.
 I also vacuum as if nobody's going to get their carpets any cleaner!
 Daaaamn!
 I am writing the best story ever!  In it, I simply APPROPRIATE a popular novel, and then place its author in a generalized version of its premise!  THEN, the author has eerily familiar, but thoroughly modernized,adventures.
 So, it's like, H.G. Wells actually has a time machine that he uses for wacky escapades!
 And then he goes back in time to meet Edgar Allan Poe, who actually IS haunted by the supernatural and has a creepy raven in his study, next to the silken sad uncertain rustling of his purple curtains.  After picking up Mary Shelley, they ALL go forward in time and meet Patricia Highsmith, who is surrounded by morally compromised antihero neighbours!  Then they all go on a train ride and have an adventure.  
 THEN, my friend, the story writes itself!
 And at the end, all the characters high five each other and go home to their own times, promising to write their own versions of what happened.  Then, they all write their most famous works!
 Edgar Allan Poe!  What are YOU doing here?
Edgar Allan Poe: I'm just chillin' on your couch, T-Rex!
 Awesome!  I like how you rhyme.
 Edgar Allan Poe, I have things to do today! We can't hang out the entire time.
Edgar Allan Poe: I don't want to hang out the ENTIRE time, T-Rex, I just want quality time when we DO hang out. I need quality, not just quantity!
 Edgar Allan Poe! You are so needy.
Edgar Allan Poe: When you call me "needy&quot;, T-Rex, you make me feel like I'm crazy, just because I want to spend time with you! That's not crazy: that's what friends do. If you don't want to be friends with me then we should talk about that, but if you do, then you need to spend more time with me.
 Edgar! We're spending time together RIGHT NOW! That counts! It HAS TO count if you follow me around.
 That's because he is!
 Hey, here's a fun fact for you: Edgar Allan Poe has access to a time machine, and ALL HE WANTS TO DO is talk about our relationship.
Utahraptor: T-Rex! He's right nearby! He can probably hear you.
 I'M FINE WITH THAT. HELLO POE.
 I'm sorry I snapped at you, Edgar Allan Poe!
Edgar Allan Poe: I'm sorry I didn't listen to you when you said you needed space, T-Rex!
 Can you - can you keep this out of your famous and memorable poems, do you think?
 Today is a good day I think for keeping all my wicked sweet opinions to myself! I will keep my own counsel.
 *gasp*
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, what's up? You seem kinda - silent!
 That's because I am!
 I am keeping all my awesome rad opinions to myself today.
 Things were just going that way! But who knows what tomorrow will bring for me, T-Rex?
 Today is a good day I think for eating hobosnacks! Hobosnacks are snacks for hobos. I think they're commercially marketed as "Cheetos&quot;!
 Indeed!!
 I am PRETTY SURE that I could be a pretty great soccer player if I really tried to be!  I just haven't explored it!  It's probably one of my many
 I'm probably ALSO really good at surfing, stand up comedy, cross-stitching and helicopter theft!  I just haven't tried them because I prefer believing that I have secret talents the world hasn't seen to knowing for certain that I don't actually have anything special and secret in me waiting to be accessed.
 Precisely!
 I'm so awesome at stealing copters, but I wonder if I could ever be good at stomping on things!
 Is this finally a conundrum that CAN'T be solved with helicopter theft?
 Gosh, am I the ultimate friend?  I am supportive and a good listener!  I do favours and care and keep track of everything that's going on in my friends' lives.
 T-REX:  THE ULTIMATE FRIEND?
Dromiceiomimus: You're a good friend, T-Rex, but I'm not sure if you're the ultimate friend!  It seems to ME that the ultimate friend would come over and do my dishes for me.
 Aha, my friend, but once again I said "the ultimate friend&quot;, not &quot;the utimate pushover&quot;!  But I'll still do your dishes sometimes, if I'm there!
 Easy!
 Your eyes are a distinctive shade of... icy blue!!
 Piercing Orange!
 A chartreusey shade of puce?
 I, THE T-REX HAVE COME TO A MOMENTUS DESCISION!
 I WANNA GET LAID!
 WHOOOOO!!!!!  WHERE CAN I SCORE ME SOME FEMALE T-REX DINOSAURS?!?
 GOD!
 SERIOUSLY?
 I'VE GOT LOTS OF THOSE!
 I wonder, what's the craziest way to spell "crazy&quot;?
 My suggestion: "K-RAY-Z&quot;!
Dromiceiomimus: That's pretty crazy, T-Rex, but what about... "CHRA-HAY-ZEE&quot;?
 That's totally crazy!
 That's why I like it.
 Eh! Too crazy.
 That's Inaccessibly Crazy, which is its own beast all together!
 Learn to tango?
 Eat a whole bag of plums?
 Buy a whole bag of plums, and then eat the plums, and then blame a passing dog for the resulting plummy mess?
 I've got my own problems!
Dromiceiomimus: Hey T-Rex, do you want to come with me today to the Lengthy Exhibit of Items of Exclusively Female Interest?
 Aw man!  I've got my own problems.
 Hey, me too!
 He was wearing one of those umbrella hats, so - maybe?
 I've got my own problems!
Off-Panel and  Hah hah hah!
 I have come up with the worst idea aver, and it's so simple. All you have to do is combine online gambling with online role playing games!
 The result will be a game to RUIN LIVES!
 MMORPGs are already really popular and addictive - some people play them upwards of eight hours a day. Throw in a casino where you can not only win REAL money but also rare in-game items and experience points, and you've merged two addictions into one, feeding them into each other! It'll be a terribly effective way to make profits from those with addictive personalities.
 Yep!
 You'd allow bets like that, but balance it so, overall, you don't end up losing real money. The more you gamble, the better stats your characters get, and the more you play, the more chances you have to win in the casino. Both addictions encourage the other!
Utahraptor: It really is an awful idea, T-Rex!
 Oh, I've got other awful ideas too! Like, a toy gun  for children, but every one in twenty shots (on average) it actually fires a real bullet!
 That's a horrific idea!
 What is wrong with me?
 I have come up with the worst idea aver, and it's so simple. All you have to do is combine online gambling with online role playing games!
 The result will be a game to RUIN LIVES!
 MMORPGs are already really popular and addictive - some people play them upwards of eight hours a day. Throw in a casino where you can not only win REAL money but also rare in-game items and experience points, and you've merged two addictions into one, feeding them into each other! It'll be a terribly effective way to make profits from those with addictive personalities.
 Yep!
 You'd allow bets like that, but balance it so, overall, you don't end up losing real money. The more you gamble, the better stats your characters get, and the more you play, the more chances you have to win in the casino. Both addictions encourage the other!
Utahraptor: It really is an awful idea, T-Rex!
 Oh, I've got other awful ideas too! Like, a toy gun  for children, but every one in twenty shots (on average) it actually fires a real bullet!
 That's a horrific idea!
 What is wrong with me?
 I know all sorts of things women love! For example: women LOVE IT when you dismiss them in arguments by saying "Whoah! This kitten's got claws!&quot;
 No way dude!
 It's hilarious! It's IRONIC, because I've never actually called a woman a "kitten&quot;, on account of how I'm not a facial hair dude from the seventies? And it also says &quot;I understand you're upset, but not REALLY upset, because I'm willing to make a joke that's sort of at your expense, but also really at my expense too, because now I look like a sexist facial hair dude! Let's share a laugh!&quot;
 There are layers upon layers!
 Yep! But it's not SINCERE sexism. I wouldn't say, "Whoah! This cute, somehow inferior gender's got claws!&quot;
 PROBABLY. It's never happened!
 I wanna see!
 I love punch! I love drinking delicious punch, PROBABLY because of how it's so delicious!
 Hooray for punch!
Dromiceiomimus: Are you mentioning punch because the party tonight is so liable to feature punch, T-Rex?
 QUITE LIKELY! I don't know why I'm suddenly so into what is essentially juice mixed with maybe pop or alcohol, served in a fancy bowl with spoons, but I'm running with it.
 Oh God yes.
 Man, this party even has a stomping room! I'm totally going to get some punch soon.
Utahraptor: Okay, T-Rex!
 Dude, I'm gonna! I'm gonna go and get in line for some punch RIGHT NOW!
 Is this the punch line?
 So - you're saying there IS no punch line?
 ONE TIME, I snuck onto a friend's computer while at his house and altered an essay he was writing for school about EVIL. All I did for instant hilarity was relace every instance of the word "evil&quot; with the phrase &quot;Irish evil&quot;!
 Can good exist without Irish evil? SOME PHILOSOPHERS SUSPECT IT CANNOT!
Dromiceiomimus: But - there's no particular flavour of Irish evil, T-Rex! It's absurd!
 I know! That's part of the joke: how the author seems so obsessed with examining EVERY ASPECT of his ridiculous concept of Irish evil!
 And I am only too happy to provide them!
 To see for yourself, all you have to do is go to the Wikipedia article on evil and do the replaces there. Hah hah! My comedy ONCE AGAIN trumps the desires of those who would seek useful information about evil!
Utahraptor: T-Rex! People often use Wikipedia as an important "first source&quot;. You'll confuse them so hard!
 It's very nice to meet you, Jimbo Wales, founder and president of Wikipedia!
Jimbo Wales: You as well, T-Rex! Your articles on Irish evil are my favourite of all articles added to Wikipedia ever.
 Wow, Jimbo Wales!
 Are you a person who uses phrases at incorrect times?
 I hope that will not be the case today, with...
 After what happened to me last week, I will now wash my hands frequently.  I mean, I mean, MORE frequently.
Utahraptor: Holy smackerels, T-Rex!
 Okay!
 So Kant's Categorical Imperative is more of a meta-directive, right?
 I love you!
 I wonder what the most important day of my life is? Yesterday? Tomorrow? Maybe even...
 TODAY???
 It could be that I wouldn't even recognize the importance of the day until years down the line - like, if today is the day I come across an abandoned violin and ten later I discover that I'm actually seriously excellent at playing sonatas, and then I become famous for playing sonatas. That would have a huge effect on my life, and TODAY COULD BE THAT DAY. 
 Aw man!
 If that is the case, then I would be sorely disappointed. I'm serious! I would be so disappointed that I would start to get physically sore. 
 Hello, my name is T-Rex! I'm pleased to meet you. 
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: Yaaaaaay!
 Hey God, would the world be an even awesomer place if everyone named "Benjamin&quot; instead went by the name &quot;Ben Jammin'&quot;?
 See THAT'S what I keep telling everyone!
 I'm so glad I was right on this one.
Dromiceiomimus: Do you know any Benjamins, T-Rex?
 Nope! I knew one when I was a kid, but he moved away way before I ever found out about jammin'. That was in - what, grade 5?
 WELL, last I heard he was starting high school a few towns over, so I presume he went through the development process that is high school and emerged a changed, taller man than the person I remember from our halcyon pre-pubescent days.
 Another case closed!
 And by that I mean, "That was my first experience with losing a friend!&quot;
 *sigh*... I think it would be a great day to do some stomping...
 Bwwhaahaahaaa! Take that, little tiny house! And THAT! Little tiny, car!
 Bad books? I never thought about it.
 Hahaha! You're going down, little woman!
 Wha?
Utahraptor: T-Rex? Why do you have to be violent? You're already in everybody's bad books. Why can't you do something good for once?
 I'm in everybody's bad book???
 But I want to be in the GOOD BOOKS!!!
 What should I do if I see someone littering? Every time I do something different and every time it feels like the wrong thing to do.
 I've tried doing nothing, but that left me feeling like a frustrated milquetoast pushover! I keep wanting to pull the "excuse me, you dropped this&quot; line, but it is sort of an aggressive thing to do, especially if the way I say it makes it clear I think it was, indeed, NO ACCIDENT.  I could see that leading to a confrontation, and I don't want to be that guy who throws punches over empty cans of Coke!
 But it's an overreaction, isn't it?
 I don't know - littering's this perfectly situated thing where it's not THAT big a deal taken individually, but a really antisocial thing when taken on a larger scale.
 Exaclty! I don't know how I should react when confronted with a small instance of a small crime, but which still bothers me.  All I can think of is to sneak poo bugs into the dude's food?
Utahraptor: Poo bugs aren't an all-purpose revenge tool, T-Rex.
 You take that back!!
 One of the things I've imagined, ever since I was a little kid, was how neat it would be if you could sort your life by events and view that instead.
 You could see every time you eat delicious sandwiches, organized chronologically!
 Wouldn't that be cool, Dromiceiomimus? I think that would be cool. You could peek ahead and see every time you get into a fight, so you could be prepared!
 TRUE. But, you'd also be able to see a rapid-fire montage of all the women you ever kiss. That would be neat and hopefully not disappointing!
 I know!
 It might be awkward getting camera permission JUST before I kiss her. But! I'm up to the task!
 You know what's even hotter than kissing someone for the first time?
 Baby, it's like you read my mind!
 A "loaded question&quot; is when you ask a question that presupposes something unproven!
 For instance, Dromiceiomimus, I could ask, "Hey, Dromiceiomimus! Are you still punching children?&quot;
 Aha - so when did you stop? See what I did there? The question presupposes that you've been punching on children in the past, and goes on to suggest that maybe you're still doing so.  It is LOADED like rich uncle Pennybags.  From Monopoly?
 Yep!
 It breaks down to "Have you ever punched children, and, if so, are you still doing so?&quot; But since these are merged, and since this merged form still demands a yes or no answer, &quot;no&quot; becomes misleading.  The solution is not to answer &quot;yes&quot; or &quot;no&quot;, but to reject the question!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, are you still punchin' children? Are you still punching them just to steal their ice cream cones?
 I reject your question, Utahraptor! It's loaded!
Utahraptor: Why are you SO AFRAID of the truth coming out, T-Rex?
 Okay you must never enter politics ever.
 Am I perhaps too comfortable, too satisfied with my life and friends and ROUTINE? Has the warm embrace of satisfaction become the smothering kiss of COMPLACENCY?
 It's time to shake things up, T-Rex style!
 Dromiceiomimus, here's a COMPELLING IDEA for ending complacency. We'll insult each other and then become enemies, and THEN, I wouldn't have our little chats to look forward to anymore. Result: complacency: nullified!
 You're so lame!
 Sucky to the max!
 I've been systematically destroying the life I knew, but that's just left me panicky and unsatisfied. My romance for something new has led to a realization that I had a routine because I liked what I was doing and when I was doing it.
 Yes! I will apologize to Dromiceiomimus! And if I ever get too comfortable again, well, I could probably get used to the smothering kiss of complacency. And maybe, one day, I'll finally be ready to START KISSING BACK.
 Hey everyone! Stop saying "bitches&quot; so much
 There are other words than "bitches&quot;! Daaamn!
 These words include such fine examples as "fellows&quot;, &quot;gravy&quot;, and &quot;Monterey Jack&quot;.
 Exclusively! FOR EXAMPLE, instead of saying "Hey! Get off my back, bitches!&quot; I can Now say, &quot;Hey!   Get off my back, Monterey Jack&quot;
 Says you, gravy!
 I do want gravy.
 I've allowed my love of gravy to distract from my prescriptivist linguistic crusade!
  Seriously? Does that mean I get into heaven FOR FREE?
 Who spent their Tuesday night doing the BEST THING POSSIBLE?? The answer: me!
 I built a statue of myself!
 It's LARGER-THAN-LIFE and looks just like me! ONLY BIGGER. What I'm trying to say Dromiceiomimus is that it's fantastic and you should see it some time soon.
 Well, MAYBE. But a statue is still awesome.
 But - I built a whole statue! Overnight!!
 Although on closer inspection I must concede that building a fully functional T-Rex robot, overnight, would have been pretty darned choice.
 Shoot!
 Hah! Bawdy image issues!
 Well, actually, no, but I do empathise! I really like being a giant awesome dinosaur, but nobody's ever told me that being giant and awesome is undesirable. I guess SOMETIMES I've been frustrated by my stubby arms, but I still love the li'l champs!
 Nope!
 I guess I'm lucky! I can't imagine what it must be like to be trans-sexual, waking up in the morning and feeling like there's been some unfair mistake, and parts of your body are WRONG.
 The Devil, does that answer your question?
 I think that I have a few friends, "Super Friends&quot;, if you will, that I'll keep in touch with no matter what happens, and they with me.  It comforts me to think this!
 Dromiceiomimus, you are one such super friend!  I can see us getting together years from now, after we all drift apart, and still being able to pick up from where we left off.  We'd email once or twice a year and that would be all it would take to maintain our super friendship.
Utahraptor: You're one of MY super friends, T-Rex!
 And you're one of mine, of course!
 Sweet!  We're all friends, and super friends at that, which I guess really just goes to show you that you don't need conflict to drive a narrative.
 THE NARRATIVE OF LIFE.
 where are the knockers
 I saw a totally sweet ad yesterday! I wanted to show it to my friends, BUT THEN, I realized that's exactly what the marketers wanted me to do! Who here doesn't want to be a tool of viral marketers?
 The answer: me!
 When I was a kid it was okay, because I didn't have any cultural context and didn't understand that maybe companies WANTED me to spread the word about their ads. But now that I'm a grown-up target market dude, I know that companies sometimes design ads with the express intent that I'll get excited and tell my friends! And it turns out I don't really like being manipulated for profit by strangers?
 I don't know dude!
 I know I don't want to give up on getting excited about cool ads! Art can be created in a commercial context, and I don't want to reject something because of its origins. BUT I don't want to be Captain Suggestible either!
 I'm sorry Cap'n! You forgive me so hard.
  Aw, I feel kinda bad about taking advantage of Captain Suggestible.  What do you do with someone who is that damn suggestible?
  Dude has his own problems!
  It reminds me of this friend I had in high school who could never ever detect sarcasm, no matter what.  It's such a small thing, but it would come up all the time when I'd be like, "oh, no, please, no more ketchup!&quot; and then I wouldn't get any more ketchup when I actually wanted some more ketchup.
  We were CRAZY DUDES in high school!!
  Maybe!  Mostly I see elements of myself.  
  He's just got this big interpersonal thing where he's not quite sure what's appropriate, and because of that he transgresses unwritten societal boundaries all the time.  I think we've all done that a little, and it's embarrassing!  
  EVERYONE!  OBSERVE MY BEACH NUDITY!
  THIS IS NO ACCIDENT
 It could happen! Think about it! 
 Have you ever wondered why dinosaurs are so loud?
 I mean, is there any reason to be shouting? Have we lost a puppy? Are we dissatisfied with the taste of tar? Do we hurt our feet by CRUSHING PUNY LOG CABINS?
Dromiceiomimus: Boo! You suck, T-Rex!
 Maybe it's because MY WIFE LEFT!
 Huh?
 What a country!
 Hello world!  I have the following announcements to make!
 The first announcement is that I am awesome!
 The second announcement is that everyone within the sound of my voice is awesome!
Dromiceiomimus: Thanks, T-Rex!
 The THIRD announcement is that I need to borrow fifty dollars.
 YES, good sir!  Who will lend me the money?  Someone AWESOME, perhaps?
 But wouldn't you RATHER I owe you one hundred and thirty dollars?
 God, give me fifty dollars!
 Jack Sprat could eat no fat / His wife could eat no lean / And so betwixt the two of them / They licked the platter clean!
 AND they shared EATING DISORDERS.
 What a world!
 What?
 Dude, that's not funny!
 That is accurate and sobering.
 Wait a minute, I recognize these!
 Utahraptor!!
 Did you find my long-abandoned copy of "Encryption Jokes... For Teens!&quot;?
 There is a lawyer dude who has plastered the city's telephone poles and bus shelters with ads proclaiming "QUICK DIVORCE! $300&quot;. And there's always about 2 or 3 of the little phone numbers from the bottom taken.
 Ouch for modern marriages!
 I took one, but that was simply because I saw the HILARIOUS PRANK POSSIBILITIES of leaving one in a married friend's wallet. But then I had an EVEN BETTER idea! Next to each of his divorce fliers, I put up my own that say "QUICK MARITAL BLISS! $295.95&quot;. Hah hah! It is PUBLIC SPACE ART and it also makes bus shelters less depressingly pro-quick-divorce!
Utahraptor: So what happens when people start to call you, T-Rex?
 What?
 I, um - I hadn't thought of that. I was too impressed with having an actual good idea for an art project to think about "consequences&quot;!
Off-screen Couple: Thanks T-Rex!! You've saved our sucky marriage once again!
 Hah hah!
 How perfectly PROFITABLE!
 Time for me to learn some new languages! AS THE OLD SAYING GOES, he who can speak many languages is suspected by his peers to be an ultra super genius times two.
 Perhaps I will learn... SIGH LANGUAGE?
Dromiceiomimus: Oh, you should, T-Rex! Then we could talk to each other!
 You know sign language?
 Neat!
 Then it's settled! I will learn sign language!
 Dude, maybe we're TRENDSETTERS! Maybe in three months languages less spoken will the the very CURRENCY of coolness, a shibboleth for entry into the rarefied world of ULTRA POPULARITY!
 My question: WHAT COULD BE COOLER THAN THAT??
 I have a friend who has a problem, and that problem is that she is one of many with
 This woman in particular wants nothing more than to fall in love with a beautiful and wonderful man, get married, and have children! The only career she wants is the noble career of RAISING A CHILD RIGHT. But some of her friends question her for not wanting anything more out of life: they don't see being a wife and mother is enough, aaand they kinda think she's wasting her education.
 HELL YES
 I could work on my own projects AND cook delicious meals AND I could make bad decisions all day long.
 AND raise children.
 I may well be the perfect mate! Don't you think?
 If I were you, I'd tell my friends about me.
 I am a dude who came across a suitcase full of old love letters I got in high school. Sweet!
 That's right, ladies! I'VE got a HISTORY!
 I'd completely forgotten about these letters, and it was really cool to re-read them now with older, less hormonally-charged eyes! We were crazy kids struggling with feelings we didn't fully understand. It was charming! Also, and I, um, I don't pretend to understand this, but there's one letter from each girlfriend where, without exception, she's drawn the two of us, she and I, as Batman and the Joker.
 I refuse to say!!
 But I assure you that for whatever reason, each of them saw it fit to render a copyright-infringing vision of a universe where we live the astonishing dreams of Finger and Kane.
 Man! I think that's pretty obvious!
 Everyone I've ever kissed is AWESOME!
 So yeah, as I was saying, the relativist fallacy is when you reject a claim by saying "Oh, that may be true for you, but it's not true for me.&quot;
 So if I say "the atomic mass of xenon is 131.3 AMU&quot;, a response of &quot;Oh, maybe it is for YOU!&quot; is a fallacy.  But if I said &quot;toast is the ultimate breakfast-time treat&quot;, you could very well respond with &quot;maybe for YOU, not for ME&quot; and it wouldn't be a fallacy, because as we know the debate over breakfast is as subjective as it is eternal.
 Oh, just God!
 He was asking me what the weight of xenon was and I was all "Duh, 131.3 AMU&quot; and he was all &quot;Duh, maybe for you, T-Rex&quot; and I was all, &quot;Aha! Time to pontificate!&quot; Then I worked in an example about toast.
T-Rex and Utahraptor: HEY! Let's go get some toast!
 It all comes back to toast!
 Having a shower is like admitting you get dirty!
 And - and going to the bathroom is like admitting you need to go to the bathroom sometimes! Going to bed is like admitting you get tired! EATING is like admitting you get HUNGRY. Being a cannibal is like admitting you don't throw in with the laws of God and man!
 That's it!
 Utahraptor says I don't!
 They make truth serum, but how come they don't make lie serum?
 I could take some, go out, and CAUSE PROBLEMS!
 You could even overdose on lie serum and never tell the truth again, UNTIL you got an injection of truth serum to cancel it out.
 How can you trust a medical science that won't share the amazing secret of LIE SERUM, also known as the "Serum of Lies&quot; and more obliquely as the &quot;Serum of Inducing Distrustfulness In Others&quot;?
 How's that?
 Anyway! Have some of this "serum&quot; I just invented.
 NO IT TASTES LIKE DELICIOUS BLUEBERRY
 Today I think I will win over the Utahraptor with my wit
 I have been carefully constructing a pun that not only applies to him as an individual but can also be appreciated by countless others
 Sounds like you'll be making a lot of "green&quot;!
 Get it? Get it? "GREEN&quot;?!
 What the hell is it going to take???
 Hmm... what's the biggest mistake I've ever made, I wonder?
 More broccoli, please!
 Oh, whatever!  That wasn't even a mistake.  I've got to tally up a lifetime of failings and concentrate HARDER THAN EVER BEFORE!  I will stomp on things to focus my mental energies, or "menergies&quot;.
Utahraptor: What about the time you built the Riverboat Shabby, T-Rex?
 Hmm...!
Utahraptor: This riverboat has so many holes, T-Rex!  It's so shabby!
 Hah hah!
 No way!
 Hah hah hah!
 What?
 Here is a terrible idea for a date: you take the lady to a stinky old sewage processing plant and then tour the facilities! You could be all, "Sorry, potential lifemate! I'm a dude who makes bad date decisions.&quot;
Dromiceiomimus: I bet most sewage processing plants are actually cool and don't really smell like poops, T-Rex! It would probably end up being a pretty good AND informative date.  How does waste reclamation work anyway?
 Huh! I don't know, Dromiceiomimus!
 Oh yeah?
 Neat!
Date: You are so charming, T-Rex! And I LOVE learning about waste reclamation!
Utahraptor: I feel the same way, T-Rex!
 Wow, you are one appreciative date, and YOU are one surprisingly amorous tour guide!!
 Aw snapadoodle!
 So then I just gave her a new bill.  It was a little embarrassing, but my REAL problem is what to do with this fiver, now that I know it's a fake!
 Exactly! And brining it to a bank just means I'm out $5; they wouldn't exchange it for a real bill because then the counterfeiters could just go to the banks too.
 Aw poo.
 Man! You know where I got the fake money? Change from a friggin' fast food restaurant.
 I blame the Colonel Sanders!
 Well good!
 It's Controversy Monday!
 Controversy Monday is the day when you needlessly volunteer made up opinions on abortion!
 Can we accept that there will always be some unstable people who will go off with any stimulus, and that others can't be held responsible?
 Yes! They're CRAZY.
 TRUE, but that's ridiculous.  That's like saying that if your parents had conceived differently you wouldn't have been born...
 ...thereby making THEM responsible for the fact that you came over last night and ate all my damn pastries!
 YOU WERE JUST PREPARING FOR YOUR BELLY SWELLING WITH MY SO DELICIOUS PASTRIES
 I'm not a dude who usually has dreams, but last night I dreamed I had a whole other house, had forgotten about paying the mortgage, and was now horribly in debt?
 Thanks, subconscious!
 Not only did I get to have FABRICATED MONEY WOES, but I also got to wake up with the same dream-feeling of "aw snap, I'm in trouble now&quot; in real life too. Woo!
 Exactly. Sucks to that!
Utahraptor: Maybe it's the whole butterfly dreaming he's a dinosaur thing, T-Rex!
 Perhaps literally!!
 Maybe I really have made tons of mistakes in my real life (as a butterfly) and then I go to sleep and dream I'm this awesome dinosaur with friends! Then I wake up and I'm still this indebted SUCKY BUTTERFLY with bad fiscal management skills.
 Man, I'm a butterfly saddled with crippling debt! There's nothing cute about that.
 Granted!!
 Here are some professions whose female members I could never marry because I"#8217;d be such an uncontrollably bad husband to them!
 First: dentists!
 I respect what they do but I"#8217;m sorry lady oral hygiene professionals, I can&quot;#8217;t brush and floss three times a day plus after every snack, drink, or intense fantasy about food. I have tried and failed! Also I couldn&quot;#8217;t marry a professional housecleaner because she&quot;#8217;d soon suspect that I&quot;#8217;m obsessed with trying to undermine all that she&quot;#8217;s striving for with my every discarded sock and unwashed dish!
 Oh yeah?
 That"#8217;s because I choose the universe that I want to live in.
 I ALSO believe all conflicts are solvable through communication, peace is attainable, and that love is a gift that cannot be commodified!
 Then I mourn the death of childhood and my final loss of innocence! Duh!
 I am enamoured with writing things in cheque memo fields. It is a rare chance for comedy in the otherwise staid world of financial services and automated cheque processing!
 I have always been a fan of writing "stop following me&quot;, just because I love the idea of a guy who is being followed by someone, and then gets SO PISSED OFF that he spins around, whips out his chequebook, and cuts the dude a cheque then and there just to make him go somewhere else.
 Also gold! Especially if it's a cheque for like, 37 cents.
 Apparently not dude!
 Although I have written things like "nudity tax&quot; when I didn't want the person to cash the cheque.
 TOO EASY, man! Seriously, you should join us in our wacky cheque world. It's great!
 "The exact value of a broken heart.&quot; 
 Hah! HILARIOUS!
 I have another plan for immortality!
 This time for sure!
 I will be remembered in the CULTURAL ZEITGEIST. And this time I won"#8217;t even have to do anything memorable! I will simply become famous by virtue of being famous. I will construct a synthetic celebrity and I will reap the benefits!
 I am hoping to be remembered as "#8220;the dude with the confusing allure&quot;#8221;.
 Huh?
 Oh, I must have explained it poorly. I"#8217;ll just act like I&quot;#8217;m famous, you know, get people to react to me like I&quot;#8217;m famous, and then kapow! We have CRITICAL MASS for actual fame.
 You guess correctly!!
Utahraptor: Wow, is that T-Rex. He"#8217;s the dude with the confusing allure, and I want to find out more?
 Aw, come on!! You"#8217;re not even punctuating it properly!
 The Uncanny Valley is the name given to the idea that as we build robots that look more and more like real people, the more we approach a point where we all say "oh God oh God what is wrong with that robot where did it all go wrong OH GOD&quot;. 
 This also applies to animation!
 The idea is that crudely-realized characters don't look like real people, but we can see some qualities of real people in them, so they're cute! But as you add more and more realism without quite reaching perfection, you reach a point where suddenly instead of cartoons that look real, they're real people who look TERRIBLY WRONG. Cuteness is replaced with the same reaction we'd have to putrid, retching, animated corpse: revulsion, and question is "Why??&quot;.
 Hence the "valley&quot; - you accept the creature more and more, then are suddenly repulsed, then you accept it the most.
 Hah! I don't think I love the way you do!
 There! My costume looks like a failed corpse that still makes a blasphemous claim to life. Thanks, Uncanny Valley!
Uncanny Valley: No problem, T-Rex!
 It's so upsetting that you got personified, Uncanny Valley.
 Yes! THIS is a topic I know ALL ABOUT.
 Okay! The first way is to draw attention to your hips!
 This is because women have larger more flared hips than men do, on account of secondary sexual characteristics! So all heterosexual men cannot help but find women's hips UTTERLY FASCINATING, and all heterosexual women find men's hips FLABBERGASTINGLY EROTIC.
Dromiceiomimus: I've never really been that into hips, T-Rex!
 Perhaps that is because you have a case of the perversions!
 The second way is to draw attention to your skull!
 Nope, skull! Men have heavier skulls than women, so again, men find light skulls unbelievably sexy, and women find heavy skulls ASTONISHINGLY GORGEOUS.
 Utahraptor! Searching for internet fetish pornography has robbed me of any erotic desires I may have once had!
Utahraptor and  Let's never look at our bodies again!!
 Lately I have been questioning my choice to remain single.
 Automobiles responsibility! Children! Housing!
 She looks like a comely mate. I will impress here by my finesse and skill
 Huh?
 SHIT
 Dudes! Are you in need of inspiration?
 Then dudes, come on!! It's time to get inspired!
 Sunsets can be inspiring in you are a sensitive dude, or a super weepy dude.
 Yes! Solar scientist dudes ARE, scientifically, nature's most inspired dudes.
 Hah! Whatevs!
 I love eating cheeseburger!
 Sometimes, it's - inspiring?
 I don't understand how people could have seriously thought that the world was flat.
 Did they have a case of the crazies?
 DID THEY??
 Because if you accept that the world is a finite plane, then it's got limits, and what's at the edge of those limits?
 A vertical wall that goes down a few kilometres, and then what?
 Tree roots?
 Upside-down land?
 A place where owls rule the world like they don't even care?
Utahraptor: I'm not convinced that's fair, T-Rex!
 Really?
[[T-Rex thinks to himself]]
 Utahraptor had made an excellent point.
 I felt embarrassed, and soon found myself imagining different conversations I could've had instead.
 It was good times!
IM  Cool beans
 Man! Time for me to grow some friggin' FACIAL HAIR.
 YES.
 This is one situation where men have the clear gender advantage!
 Yep! Sure, women get to feel the miracle of life growing inside them and the joy of birth or of laying eggs or WHATEVER, but we get to engineer hairy faces AT OUR LEISURE.
 The way you say it - is there actually an organization called Beards over Babies?
 Dude, we have to start it!!
 Our logo can be a big ol' beard hovering over a truly startled baby!
 The Turing test is a test that all emergent intelligences face at one point or another!
 In it, you have a REAL person engaged in a text conversation with both a person and a machine, and that person has to determine which responder is which. If the machine can appear more "alive&quot; than the person, then they pass!
 Nope! The problem is that the test doesn't prove consciousness, just communication, and um, it can be faked.
 Hells yes!
 Since conversations don't last forever, then there's a finite number of sentences that make sense and that are at least passibly grammatical, so you can just record every possible response to every possible word combination, and kapow! Responses like a real person.
 What's lame? We've just totally faked out the Turing test and all it required was near infinite storage space! Brute force: the approach of kings and the king of approaches?
 Tell me more about DISAGREE?
 Oh man, am I ever sick. Me! I never get sick but this time I've gotten sick.
 My mighty body lies in shambles!
 Oh, Dromiceiomimus, you've got to save me! Failing that, tell them my story. Regale future generations with stories of Mighty T-Rex, felled by nothing greater than the common cold. Irony will be my theme, stomping my leitmotif!!
 Oh, and a headache too! This is how my story ends: not in a bang but a sniffle. For shame!
 Dromiceiomimus is APPARENTLY UNWILLING, so yes!
 Aw dude! You're imagining it right now!!
 I represent Heidegger! Watch as I stomp on "the little guy&quot; who's just trying to understand my seemingly purposely obscure philosophical writing!
 You said it everyone!
 Do you get to write your own epitaph? If you do, then mine will seriously be "Here lies  the radical dude with the radical 'tude!&quot;  Or even * smart and trim; let's be like him&quot;!
Dromiceiomimus: Aw, you're always on about epitaphs, T-Rex! How about something new, like - instead of a sentence people remember you by, an image? Say, 10 seconds of a silent video!
 That's neat! You could cheat and have 1920s title cards ("DUDES, FORSOOTH! I'M SO DEAD&quot;) but just silent images would also be cool. What would you have?
 Hmm! I guess I'd have a picture of me giving a thumbs up.
 You didn't let me finish! THEN, over me and my thumbs up, a newspaper spins toward the camera 1930s style, fills the frame, and the headline says "T-REX AWESOME, DEAD!&quot; 
 Okay! Let me think...
 Alright - YOURS would be a video of a soggy dog, and then the dog throws up a little, and then there's a subtitle that says "BAD DECISIONS&quot;.
 That's tough, yet fair!
 Later!
 Compadres! I bid you each: ADIEU!
 It's not "goodbye&quot;, just &quot;#8211; &quot;farewell&quot;. This isn't the end, Dromiceiomimus, but merely the end of an era. One door closes as another opens, and we can't forever live in the past! A new, brighter light beckons.
 Hasta la vista, tiny woman!
Utahraptor: Stop it, T-Rex!
 Oh my God, me too!!
 I'll always love you!
 Denied!
 TODAY is the day we talk about meritocracy!
 In a meritocracy all jobs, including government jobs, are assigned based on MERIT.  So if you're the best at a job then it's yours, regardless of your sex or gender or race or stupid mustachio or anything!
 Then you wouldn't actually be the best!  You'd get some other job you're better at.  The result: PURE UNCUT UTOPIA.
 Sure there is!
 God! Can YOU be an omniscient and impartial third party for me?
 I have, actually! It's a film theory.
 The idea is that the camera is situated by and for men!
 Thus, we always see more of the woman's body than we do of the man's in film - the camera possesses the (heterosexual) male gaze, and thereby disenfranchises the woman by reducing her to the passive object of gaze, while the male is elevated to the active gazer. It is a NOT UNCONTROVERSIAL theory.
 - but what about that as applied to video games?
 Wow, I never thought YOU'D be interested in this male gazey stuff!
 The Devil! I thought he was more interested in, you know, WALL HAXX than in sexual power structures societally encoded into the cinematic gaze! (The added wrinkle of increased agency in games makes it EXTRA interesting!)
 Laura Mulvey!
 Today I will become...
 a comic artist!
 I will win the Nobel Prize for webcomics!
 I will have a garage for six cars!!!
 I will have a telephone that lets me talk to Corey Feldman!
 Okay okay - time to solve ALL the problems.
 Buy more salt! It's free from the ocean?
 Um. I don't know how to solve this problem.
 I guess, but what about the child?
 Lay off the crackers!
 Hooray! More crackers for everyone!
 Whatever! There are still like a billion problems left. We haven't even touched on my problem yet!
Utahraptor: What problem is that, T-Rex?
 Utahraptor!! It's "too much poo&quot;!
 Okay dudes and lesbians! Getting a woman to like you is easy!
 There are plenty of websites, magazine articles and body spray ads that will reassure you that women are just conquests without agency and that they won't have sex with you unless you suggest it to them first. My advice is DIFFERENT. My advice is rooted in reality and allows for women actually wanting the intercourse sometimes!
 The advice?
 WELL, for that you'll have to buy my book, "Dudes! Lesbians! Guess What? Here is How to Get Women to Like You&quot;. But since we're friends, I'll give you a sneak peek!
 CHAPTER 3: At The Bar.There are sometimes lots of women at the bar. If you want to talk to one, then maybe she will want to talk to you! Then you can become her favourite dude or lesbian."
 I suggest telling them that you're asexual!
 PROBLEM: SOLVED.
 The end!
Utahraptor: That uh, that might not be the most helpful advice T-Rex!
 Explain!
 FINE.  Asexual people: you should do what I do when I want someone not to like me anymore!
 &lt;&lt;quietly&gt;&gt; I sit in a boat until they go away
 I have received complaints.  Apparently I use too many exclamation marks!  APPARENTLY I AM TOO EXCITABLE.  Well, not anymore!  Today is a day of level-headedness!
 Starting right... NOW!
 So.  How are you Dromiceiomimus?
Dromiceiomimus: I'm fine, T-Rex!
 That's good.  I'm fine too.  Do I seem level-headed to you?  I's because I am not exclaiming anything.  I am calm and reserved.  You might be reaching for a word.  That word is "unflappable&quot;.
 Complaints.
 I got a letter from an anonymous dude, and he said I exclaimed too much.  So, here we are.
 I will only start exclaiming again if I see something surprising.
 SURE HAVEN'T!!!!
 I have a friend who got an email invitation to a sex party! Someone here did not recieve a corresponding invitation.
 THAT PERSON IS ME
 Not that I want to go to a sex party, but I had no idea you could get invited to them over EMAIL, and, um, also, that they actually existed:
 Now that you mention it, YES I WILL.
 I don't know!
 It was hidden, so as to keep things discreet. It's kind of funny, because who knows who you'll run into? Old girlfriends? Bosses? THE POSTMAN? There's a danger in going to a sex party.
 Good to know!
 What if I offended someone sexy?
 Determinism is the idea that every event and thought ever is predetermined! This determination is NOT done by fate or God or whatever, but rather by an almost endless chain of prior events. Causality is king!
 Also: there's also no such thing as a random event!
 A nice benefit of this is that free will is reduced to a complete illusion, since everything anyone ever does is already decided. On the plus side, this means that you can decide to do anything you want, because you're not responsible for it! But on the minus side, it means that you can't ever ACTUALLY decide to do anything. Thank, determinism!
 True!
 But you'd just be lying to yourself! You're affecting events, but not CHOOSING anything.
Off-panel speaker: So how can I be faulted for that, T-Rex... IF IT WAS ALREADY DETERMINED THAT I'D LIE TO MYSELF?
 Hooray! You pass determinism.
T-Rex and off-panel speaker: Now, let's never talk about it again!
 When you break up with someone, can you still be friends?
 Sources say, "Yep! SURE CAN!&quot;
 I think it's a good idea because you loved them, right? I don't see that changing just because you broke up. They still must be pretty great!
 OKAY. But there still must be things that attracted you to them, and you can still have those as friends! Maybe they're really good at karaoke, or adept at shoe repair. That's attractive!
 That's what I'm saying!
 OKAY HONESTLY I did not expect this to be this complicated. All my breakups have been clean AND totally awesome!
T-Rex [[falling down]]: We jumped out of an orbital tower and are now freefalling from outer space onto giant trampolines!
 That's cool!
 Dromiceiomimus, I have a great idea for our act: let's put on a play!
 A Batman play!
 It's a play about BATMAN! I'll play Batman!
Dromiceiomimus: Sorry T-Rex! NOT INTERESTED.
 But I'LL be playing Batman!
 Okay FINE, we'll do Plan Omega. Upon closer inspection, I can see myself REALLY getting into Plan Omega!
 Hi we're T-Rex and Utahraptor and we'll be performing "Push It&quot; by Salt-N-Pepa in the original French.
 Poussez-le bon!
 So there's this guy I know, and he must be a friend of a friend because I see him sometimes at parties, but WE can never be friends because I find looking at him intensely frustrating.  He has the world's most punchable face!
 And it's terrible! It reflects poorly on me, I know, but there's just something about him that is BAD for me.  It's like being sexually attracted in reverse? I just end up avoiding the guy.  He's got a stupid face for jerks!
 *sigh*
 I guess I just can't get past my prejudice against people with stupid faces for jerks.
 Really?
 I know! It's the same with me.  MY ONLY CONSOLATION is that somebody else probably thinks I, T-Rex, have a stupid face, so at least I'll get my prejudice from both sides.
 This somehow validates my own prejudice, mysterious stranger across the street!
 HELLO, FRIEND!!!
 WOULD YOU LIKE TO HAVE AN ADVENTURE!!!
 I HEAR ONCE YONDER A TALE IS TOLD! THE CATTLE ARE ROUGH AND THE WOMEN ARE BOLD!
 I..ERR..YOU SEE.
 THE STORY IS....
 THERE IS A HUMOROUS
 DO NOT FEAR FRIEND IT W-
 MERELY A FAILED POLITIC-
 PLEASE HAVE A CANDY FRIEND-
 What a lovely day for a walk! I enjoy crisp fall air AND the changing colour of the leaves.
 Ladies and gentlemen: I am down with fall!
 Okay! Because if you're down with fall then you're down with me.
Dromiceiomimus: I'm also down with fall, T-Rex!
 Excellent! Then we're ALL down with fall.
 Excellent.
 Then I guess - I guess to summarize here, we're all in favour of fall. We're all "down&quot; with it.
 Good! Good.
 Utahraptor! Can I borrow your time-reversing ray real quick?
 Dude! I wanna aim it at the left half of my face and cause problems!!
 Attention world!  Who wants to come over and help me celebrate...
 ...SUPERMAN'S BIRTHDAY??
 Sure am!  While Superman may be fictional, the cake and good times will be SUPER real!
 Excellent!  It will be SUPER good times!
 Sure can!
 And I assure you it will be... SUPER excellent?
 Hah hah!  WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT!!
 I drank too much
 I have the best idea ever for a series of books! Oh MAN.  I'll be rich and famous.
 Two words:
 Shakespeare prequels!
 Cha-ching! It's great, because everyone loves Shakespeare AND ALSO finding out what characters were up to before they got interesting. It'll be Hamlet, only he's happy and well-adjusted, walking around saying "I certainly hope my father doesn't get murdered! InDEED!&quot; and then Ophelia says &quot;That's right, baby! I, incidentally, plan to remain sane.&quot; and then there's IRONY. Shakespeare fans love irony!
 No way dude!
 It's ALL the famous plays! All's Well that Begins Well! Prince Lear! Romeo and Juliet Babies! That one's Romeo and Juliet, only they're tiny and smelly."
 I know!
 "For never was a story of more woe / Than this of Baby Juliet and her Baby Romeo&quot;.
 Star-cross'd babies!
 Woo! Hallowe'en! I love Hallowe'en because I love dressing up.
 I also love LOOKING at people who are dressed up. It's on account of how costumes are awesome!
Dromiceiomimus: Hey, have you noticed, T-Rex, how all the women's costumes for sale seem to have added the word "sexy&quot; in front of them? I can't buy a pirate costume; the only ones for sale are &quot;sexy pirates&quot;! And heaven help me if I wanted to go as a nurse.
 It's true! The only nurse costumes for sale are from Sexy Hospital, MD!
 They're that sexy.
 That is true!
 Though I suppose in our haste to deconstruct the societal sexual roles and fantasies made tangible through the mass production of gendered costumes, we're forgetting about genderless costumes, like giant ape suits!
 Really? Where?
 HOTT
 I have come up with the ULTIMATE COMEBACK to be used on musicians! All I have to do is wait for one to put me down, and then I can be all:
 "Oh yeah? Well here in the REAL world, WE don't get to rest for 32 bars!&quot;
 Hee hee! It's funny, Dromiceiomimus, because sometimes in a song musicians get to rest for 32 bars, while here in the real world, we don't get to do that because we're not, um - trained musicians.
 IT WILL WORK ON ALL MUSICIANS. Just you wait!
Utahraptor: Do you even know any musicians, T-Rex?
 I will soon!
 YEP! Here's a tip: it's part of the reason WE first became friends.
 Oh yeah? Well HERE in the REAL WORLD, the rest of us don't have to raise the giant toenail of our second toe up while running to avoid damaging it!
 I take it back I take it back!!
 Who here would like to hear an old joke about oatmeal?
 Then here we go!
 Okay okay, so there's this monastery, with three monks, and only one monk is allowed to speak, once, each year.  They take turns!  The first year, at breakfast, the first monk speaks and says "I hate oatmeal.&quot;  A year later, again at breakfast, the second monk speaks and says &quot;I love oatmeal.&quot;  Finally, one year later, the last monk gets to speak and HE says &quot;I'm tired of this constant bickering about oatmeal!&quot;
 Hee hee!  Comedy gold!
 BUT A GOOD ONE!  It's funny, I think, because the conversation is spread over three years, and NORMALLY, you'd expect monks not to talk about oatmeal for that long.
 Is it?
 Dude!!
 I'm afraid I'll have to insist!
 Man! I need to stop making all the mistakes.  Today is NO MORE MISTAKES FOR T-REX DAY.
 Aw diggity damn! Somehow I forgot to rinse my toothbrush after use today!
 WELL, it seems that despite my proclamation, I keep on making mistakes!
 Oh, tons of mistakes.  I accidentally offended a friend last night and it was entirely my fault, and I feel terrible.  Mistakes like that ! Big mistakes.
 Nopers!
 I'm not dishing on MYSELF, because then you'll clearly spread the gossip around, since only gossips would say "let's dish!&quot;. Also I am sincerely embarrased and ashamed!
 Okay. But you have to keep it secret!
 Tee hee!
Dromiceiomimus: Isn't that kind of an expensive, elaborate prank, T-Rex? The worst that'll happen is he'll get cold water when he expects hot.
 Hilarious!
 COMEDY RELENTLESSLY ENSUES??
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex! What's new?
 Hey Utahraptor! How's your bathroom sink treating you?
 Huh!
 Well! I guess I'm not a qualified plumber after all!
 Hey Utahraptor! How's your bathroom sink treating you?
 Awesome, man! Awesome!!
 The Problem with Wikipedia is that it's peppered with vandalism at various times and at various locations: vandalism that remains until it's noticed by someone who knows enough and cares enough to fix it!  SOMETIMES THIS CAN TAKE A WHILE. BUT!
 *ahem*
 Ladies and gentlemen: I have solved the Wikipedia Problem!
 The solution is as brilliant as it is awesome: instead of vandalizing the ENTIRE encyclopedia, we all just agree to vandalize one article, leaving the other ones alone! That article is the one about chickens. Why? It's pretty obvious. DUDES ALREADY KNOW ABOUT CHICKENS.
 In conceding that one TINY article to the vandals, Wikipedia wins! Their victory: a FULLY ACCURATE encyclopedia that covers every topic in the universe, 'cept chickens.
Utahraptor: T-Rex, this is worse than taking on the mob! Wikipedia will be HELLUVA mad at you!
 No way! I am doing them a FAVOUR.
 Their vandalism problem GOES AWAY, FOREVER, and all that I ask is that chickens become The Forbidden Topic.  "We never talk about chickens&quot;, they can say. &quot;DON'T ASK.&quot;
 I guess we're about to find out! I bet Fictitional Jimbo Wales loves the idea.
Fictional Jimbo Wales: I do love this idea, T-Rex!
 Fictional Jimbo Wales! You brought cupcakes!!
 We're gonna party like it's 1985!
 Hello. It's nice to meet you, my name is Julia Gulia.
 Now, that is some GRADE A top-choice meat
 Do you really want to hurt Me? Do you really want to make me Cry?
 Do you really want to hurt Me? Do you really want to make me Cry?
 You could have brought that to my attention YESTERDAY!
 I have the ultimate CONVERSATION FILLER. Now no longer will there be awkward pauses in my conversations! Oh yes. No longer.
 Because whenever I don't know what to say, I'll just exclaim "Sounds like a good date!&quot;
 An example! Dromiceiomimus - can you describe your ideal waterslide for me?
 SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD DATE, my friend!!
 UTAHRAPTOR! What are you doing here?
 We'll see about THAT!
 Hey mom, if you went out on a date with someone, would you want them to splash chlorinated water in your eyes?
T-Rex's Mom: No, honey.
 Aw MOM!
 I have the ultimate CONVERSATION FILLER. Now no longer will there be awkward pauses in my conversations! Oh yes. No longer.
 Because whenever I don't know what to say, I'll just exclaim "Sounds like a good date!&quot;
 An example! Dromiceiomimus - can you describe your ideal waterslide for me?
 SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD DATE, my friend!!
 UTAHRAPTOR! What are you doing here?
 We'll see about THAT!
 Hey mom, if you went out on a date with someone, would you want them to splash chlorinated water in your eyes?
T-Rex's Mom: No, honey.
 Aw MOM!
 I am on the lookout for a new friend.  A new, more ultimate friend: the best friend ever.
 I am on the lookout for science, personified!
 It will be so awesome, Dromiceiomimus!  Can you imagine being friends with Science Personified?  You'd never have your science questions go unanswered.  I'd be all "Hey, how does a bumblebee fly?&quot; and he'd be all &quot;Yo, dynamic stall&quot; and I'd be all &quot;Sweetness!&quot;
 Man!  He can be a chick if he wants.  He's SCIENCE PERSONIFIED.
 I don't know!
 All I know is that we'll be able to test our theories of what his name really is through repeatable experimentation and observation.
 Luckily, I could just ask Invention Personified to come up with a way to settle the argument!
 I'm gonna say, "yes&quot;?
 Something people like to argue about sometimes is whether or not certain things are genetically innate, or personal decisions!
 If it's natural, then you can't really blame a person for having it, because they didn't have a choice.  But if it's because of nurture, then you CAN blame them for it, or the very least their parents!  OR SOCIETY.
 I think so!  It doesn't change the "nature&quot; (oh ho ho!) of what's being discussed, just its origin.
Utahraptor: Well, it's not just about blame or credit, T-Rex, it's also about free will!
 Free will?
 What's that?  GOD wanted it to be that way?
 Literally hours of work have paid off, and I have come up with my greatest invention yet...a DUPLICATOR RAY!
 (Duplicator rays let you make perfect copies of anything!)
 Yep!  The duplicate is identical in every regard.  The ray examines the object at the quantum AND subquantum levels and thanks to the twin fists of Actual Science and Heisenberg Compensators, makes a perfect copy, indistinguishable from the original!
Utahraptor: I call baloney, T-Rex!
 Aha! On account of how it violates conservation of energy laws?
 Okay YEAH it's not original, but it's an OTHERWISE PERFECT DUPLICATE.  I can destroy economies based on scarcity and generate clean drinking water for everyone!  I can even DUPLICATE DUDES!  I can't believe you're not more excited.  I CAN DUPLICATE BRENT SPINER
 Ladies and gentlemen: is it time for a new catchphrase?
 Sources say: "DAMN girl, sure is!&quot;
 That's not the new catchphrase though. I've got - I've got different ones. And here they are! "Let's get remarkably frisky&quot; (useful in many situations), &quot;That's gobbles!&quot; (meaning &quot;that's crazy!&quot;, short for 'gobbledygook'), and &quot;I lose at sex&quot;.
 You can use "I lose at sex&quot; for when you lose at sex.
 Losing at sex! Dude! It's right there.
 It's like when people say "You lose at life&quot;, only better because it's more specific and also suggests that sex is not a competition, but that you found a way of making it one, and then, you lost at it. It's &quot;the gobbles&quot;?
 Shit!
 I'm unemployed!
 A negative income tax, or "NIT&quot;, is when the government pays you money when your income is low! Pretty sweet!
 But there is a catch. You still pay taxes - say, a flat tax of 10% - BUT, the government also pays you enough to survive! This way there's a guaranteed minimum income - like welfare, but simpler. So if you make only $1000 in a year you'll pay $100 in taxes, but since the government pays everyone, say, $10000, you'll end up $9900 ahead in tax money. As you make more money, you net less from the government, until you end up actually paying taxes!
 Yep! And a bunch of related programs.
 It simplifies things, plus it includes a flat tax, which a lot of amateur economists AS WELL AS even some real economists like!
 Utahraptor! I just found out that Milton Friedman, proposer of the NIT, died yesterday at age 94!
 Dude! I believe this not to be the case!!
 Dude! I've been busy!
 Man, whatever!
 First it was romance movies telling me that I won't be TRULY HAPPY unless I'm in a relationship, then it's the media at large, and now it's God? I AM TEMPTED TO NEVER LOVE ANYONE AGAIN JUST TO PROVE A POINT.
Dromiceiomimus: Aww! T-Rex, that would be terrible. I love you
 I love you too and I'm glad we're friends. But MAN, I don't love people asking me when I'm going to get married.
Utahraptor: So when are you going to get married, T-Rex?
 Argh! Two weeks!
 Happy? I'm going to find someone and we're going to get married and it's going to take two weeks. Okay?
 Okay. Well then. I'd better get on this.
Jodie Foster: Hey T-Rex, do you have any more potato chips?
 Hah hah! You sure do love your chips, JODIE FOSTER!
 I'm going nuts!
 LIQUID NUTS!
 See what I did there, Dromiceiomimus?  I used "liquid&quot; as an intensifier.
 Yep!  It goes nuts, super nuts, nutty crackers, and then liquid nuts for only the nuttiest things.
 YOU KNOW IT CAN'T.  That would be heresy!
 Exactly!
 Okay honestly it can apply to chocolate bars, but it becomes confusing if the bar isn't crammed with nuts, or somehow liquidly nutty.  There is a SEMANTIC COLLISION.
 Anyway, I meant what I said about going nuts.  I feel like I've got this powerful instinct for self-destruction, and I'm just fooling myself if I think I can control it.
Utahraptor: You're so crazy T-Rex!
 I'm wacky times!
 Man, I've been feeling down all morning. What could possibly cheer me up?
 
 And so my damn freaky raccoon and cephalopod neighbors were all "penetration&quot; and then I froze, and THEN, I ran away. Why are they always up in my base, freaking out my dudes?
Dromiceiomimus: They're just teasing you, T-Rex! They just get a rise out of you so they keep at it.
 You'd react too! IT'S DAMN UNSETTLING. Plus, they shouted after me about "a new sexual position&quot;. Argh!
 I HAVE NO IDEA.
 And I don't want to find out! You'd think that anything that could be invented has already been PRETTY MUCH COVERED.
 They don't like me! They just like freaking me out!
 No, thank you! I am busy with non-disgusting activities!
 Sometimes when you're in an accident or about to be hurt, time seems to slow down! This gives you more of a chance to react to ensure your survival!
 This is AWESOME.
 Assuming that time isn't ACTUALLY changing, this means that my brain has the incredible ability to slow down my perception of time! I must harness this, Dromiceiomimus!
 I could become TRULY UNSTOPPABLE. I could read books faster AND also do well on timed tests!
 I am seriously trying to evolve so hard over here!
 Nope!
 THERE IS ONE WAY TO FIND OUT.
 I"#8217;m trapped in a body that moves so slowly as to seem motionless. Ah well! At least I have plenty of time to think about&quot;#8230;. Mammalian breasts?
 Self, what is the deal with mammalian breasts?
 God, do you think I'm a good enough dude to write an opera?
 Man! Even God thinks I can't write an opera!
Dromiceiomimus: Why would you want to write an opera, T-Rex?
 WELL, the consensus seems to be that opera is the classiest of the classical arts.  If I could write a great opera, it would mean that I was awesome at composing music AND awesome at writing words for dudes and ladies to sing!  It would also mean that I could move people with my AMAZING UNDERSTANDING OF EMOTIONS.
  I am.  I am!
  I'm empathetic!  Watch!  Watch me be so emPATHETIC right now!
  Perhaps you have not yet noticed my odd pronunciation of "empathetic&quot;, hinting at a pun and a belief at odds with my literal speech?
  Sweet!
  I'm glad we're friends!
 Remember my friend (female) who dated her roommate (also female)? That is not the only sexy adventure she has had!
 Not by a long shot!
 Like this one time she had a gentleman caller spend the night. Nothing happened, but the next day while she was at work, this guy did all her dishes for her!
 Then, that night, they had SEXUAL CONGRESS!
 Coincidence?
 Sex for clean dishes! Exactly!
 And I'M just pointing out now we can tease her by offering to do her dishes and raising our eyebrows! I'm gonna do it like this:
 Hello! Can i clean your dishes??
 Someone's been spreading some stupid!
 ...about ME!
 Dromiceiomimus, did you hear the rumour about me?
 It's terrible! SOMEONE has been telling people that the only reason I stomp on things is because I have issues. PARENTAL issues! It makes me say this: "what??&quot;
 Hells yes!
 I'm not gonna stop! I'm going to show people that the reason I stomp on things is because stomping on things is TRULY EXCELLENT. You should try it!
 You know what? That doesn't bother me, because I'm starting my own T-Rex rumour! Tell your friends that I stomp things because WHENEVER I kiss someone, they always pull away, smile, give me a double thumbs up, and then run off over the horizon yelling "Totally radical!!&quot;
 it's frustrating
 It's time to spice things up, dudes and ladies!  Today I am only going to make BAD DECISIONS.
Dromiceiomimus: Aw no, T-Rex!  Why can't you be like a regular person and only make bad decisions by mistake?  I don't get this romance you have for regret.
 It's exciting, Dromiceiomimus!  And I guess I do like the IDEA of bad decisions more than I like the, you know, ACTUAL CONSEQUENCES of bad decisions, but this might cure me of that at least!
 I haven't made any yet!
 The only idea I have right now is to invent kitchen appliances that somehow crave the flesh of the living.  That'd be a bad decision, right?
 EXCELLENT.
 Don't try to eat me, toaster!
 I can see you licking your lips while looking at my sumptuous belly, toaster!
 Oh, IT'S ON!
 Man!  Forget discovering the true nature of reality!
 How exactly am I supposed to lose my ego and become enlightened through meditation?  SAYING "PRACTICE&quot; DOESN'T COUNT.  What I want is unambiguous, non metaphorical step-by-step instructions!  Buddha is supposed to be a dude who took steps to move from unenlightened to enlightened, right?  Is there any reason why the steps he took are not understandable, communicable, repeatable and verifiable?
 That doesn't matter!
: Write down in detail the precise steps each person took and let me generalize across the set.  I want an algorithm for enlightenment!  A checklist for nirvana!
 Yes please!
 Excuse me, Buddhist monks?  I'm gonna owe God fifty bucks if I don't get enlightened soon.
 It snowed last night.  The first snow of the year!
 It's sincerely excellent!
 I'm sure in a few months I will be bored with the snow, but right now it is exciting and magical and makes everything look pretty!
 Indeed!  Also, this car appears to be recently driven, causing the snow on it to blow away.
 This is true!
 That explains why we're all not wearing snowsuits, and it's too bad, because we'd look adorable.  Can you imagine?
 Aww.  I'd be a cutie!
 Yes, today truly has been a day of frustrated expectations!
 I Have come up with a hilarious THREE-LEVEL PUN, Dromiceiomimus!  Check it out!  Instead of saying "I'll play it by ear&quot;, I point to my ear and say &quot;I guess I'll play it by HERE!&quot;
 Hah hah hah!
Dromiceiomimus: I don't get it, T-Rex.  I mean, I get that "here&quot; sounds like &quot;ear&quot;, but -
 - but that is just level one of pun!  I'm also pointing to my ear and saying "here&quot;, so there's level two (a visual pun!) and level THREE is how &quot;here&quot; sounds like &quot;hear&quot; and you can use ears to hear things.  I'll play it by &quot;hear&quot;, i.e., by how I hear it!  It is a PERFECT STORM of wordplay, Dromiceiomimus!  They make movies out of perfect storms.
 Guess what, everyone?  My pun is still awesome!
Utahraptor: It's been weeks, T-Rex!
 Guess what, Utahraptor?  It is great, and weeks from now you'll be apologizing to me for not recognizing it's uncut brilliance!
 Guess what, everyone?
 you all suck
 How come nobody has ever sent me a telegram? Telegrams are old-skool classiness given physical form!
 One telegram, please !!
 Not Hardly! Telegrams were better because they made you go to the door to get them, which meant folks knew you were popular AND getting an important message. Plus they charged by the word so people were concise! Also I think you had to write "STOP&quot; instead of a period so the messages were rad, stop.
Utahraptor: Hey, I'll send you a telegram, T-Rex!
 You will?!
 Awesome!! Wow, thanks, Utahraptor! You're a real friend!
 I've NEVER been more intrigued!
 If I could give up any sense, what would it be? It's not going to be hearing or talking, because I do those ALL THE TIME.
 Whatevs!
 And I don't want to give up touch, because then I'd be bumping my body into spikes and BARELY EVEN NOTICING. Taste wouldn't be too bad, but I'd miss tasting tasty things! I think it would have to be smell, assuming that wouldn't impact taste!.
 Yeah but so's sight, and I can ALSO use sight to check out women, and dictionaries.
Utahraptor: I'm surprised at you, T-Rex!
 Really? Why's that?
 Hah! MAN. I would love to give up that sense! Can you imagine?
 It would probably go down like this. Ask me if I want to go get a pizza!
Utahraptor: Okay. Do you want to go get a pizza, T-Rex?
 SURE! Also, I -
 - I have controversial theories about emigration?
 I, like most men, have stepped on a few tiny women in my day.
 This i claim!
 However, I don't claim to be a misogynist!  It is a problem that the very tall face when confronted with the very tiny.  Sometimes you step on them by accident!
 I AM MERELY SHADING IT FROM THE SUN, and then my foot gets heavy and tired.
 Yes!  I am!
T-Rex But it's not misogyny. I'm not stepping on her BECAUSE she's a woman.  Her sex and gender are incidental to the whole event!  That's all I'm trying to say.
 Daaamn, tiny women!  That's crazy!  Come closer for a sec?
 Ok, so that last joke didn't work so well. But wait till he hears this one! I'll say "You know what's great?&quot;
 "Not being a Utahraptor!&quot;
 That's what he is! That's why it is such a good joke! Do you get it?
 What? You're crazy!
 Uh, no! But while you're here..
 You know what's great?
Utahraptor: Not being a T-Rex
 No! Not being a Utahrapt-
 God damn it!
 Enough of this life of a bachelor! The moment has arrived...
 I am finally ready to settle down and start a family!
 All I need now is a female T-Rex with similar interests!
 Oh! And a nice body.
 With a nice long tail.
 (That's hot!)
 I will seduce her with a two-pronged attack of my stomping skills and wit!
 Yes, I have a fine wit!
 Yes indeed! For I can do impressions!
 This is you!
 Here are some bad kisses i have had. Boy howdy!
 KISS THE FIRST: one time i was SERIOUSLY kissing a lady and thought of how bad it would be if I started laughing right then, and the image of her being so PISSED at me was so funny that I laughed right into her mouth! 16 months later, we broke up. COINCIDENCE??
 Don't try to change me, baby!
 KISS THE SECOND: one time I kissed a woman who just threw up?
 Well I didn't KNOW she'd just thrown up! She tried to warn me.
 "Wait, I just threw - &quot;, and then we were smoochin'! I THOUGHT she was going to say, &quot;...out all doubts I had about our kissing in the near future.&quot;
 I miss her
 God, I've been watching a pretty good TV show lately! It's called "Scrubs&quot;. It's pretty okay!
 What?!
 You're crazy! Will and Grace is terrible! They always forget to put in jokes in their episodes! Scrubs is comedy gold compared to Will and Grace!
 You know what Will and Grace is? Will and Grace is Congealed Human Suffering!
 God! About SITCOMS.
 HE'S the one who's crazy! He likes Will and Grace! Damn it! Now he's making me look crazy!
 What!?
 What have I done with my life? For serious! I am getting older and if things keep up this way I will die an unremarkable dude.
 My epitaph will be "HERE LIES AND UNREMARKABLE DUDE :( BUT HEY I GET THERE'S SOMEONE RAD TO THE LEFT ;D&quot;!
 Actually, that's a pretty sweet epitaph.
 But! My concerns about my own lack of impact still stand!
Utahraptor: You've done stuff, T-Rex!
 You're going to say that I've made a positive impact in the life of my friends, ET CETERA, but I'm talking about - well, I guess I'm talking about public love and recognition. You know who won a Nobel Oscar Price at age 26?
 Not me!!
 Good Spirit, are these the shadows of the things that will e, or are they the shadows of things that May be, only?
 'cause my epitaph sucks
 I am a dude with some SERIOUSLY UNINFORMED opinions about archaeology!
 Okay! We're digging up stuff all the time, right? And talk to any archaeologist and they'll complain about sites that have been damaged or destroyed by under-informed Victorian archaeologists that didn't have the knowledge and skills we have today. Doesn't it stand to reason that in 100 years we'll be making the same complaints about today's work? We only have so much history. Shouldn't we wait until we've perfected archaeology before we dig?
 True!
 But dudes and ladies have finite lifetimes. The past isn't going anywhere! We can dig it up whenevs.
 Perhaps!
 Man, that's not hard! I suck at flying but fully expect future T-Rexes to be flying all over the place.
 Thanks to the heady power of evolution?
 Yes! I have actually done some research this time. Schwing!
 And it turns out I was TOTALLY CORRECT!
 Archaeologists ARE aware that they're mining a finite resource, and when possible, they only dig a little and leave some for the future. But there are time limits: often they'll be examining a site just before it's dug up for a new building of something, which means this is their last chance to see what's there before it's destroyed. And sometimes the ground is volatile enough that if they don't dig soon, whatever's there will be lost anyway!
 In conclusion and in summary, way to go archaeologists!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: We have nothing but good things to say about the women and men of archaeology! Nothing but smiles for the trained and capable few who dedicate themselves towards exploring and explaining our shared history!
 Damn it, archaeologists!
 Dear recipient of this comic:
 You and whoever went this card to you totally have a history together!
 That's pretty intriguing, isn't it? What sort of history? Did you used to date? There's a lot I don't know about your history.
 Maybe it's one sided! Maybe you don't even know who the sender is! Maybe he's this guy and HE thinks you have this history and YOU don't know him from Bob!
Utahraptor: Maybe we should be more sensitive here, T-Rex!
 YES. Good idea!
 Aww!
 Anyway! Enjoy your failed relationship(s)!
 Someone going by the all-caps name "ZACH MORRIS&quot; has tagged my house! My front door is now spraypainted with &quot;Zach&quot; 's stupid name for jerks. I don't even like Saved by the Bell that much!
 Forget you, Zach Morris!
Dromiceiomimus: I thought you always liked street art, T-Rex! You're always all, "Hey guys, let's reclaim public spaces with art instead of ads!&quot;
 Yeah, but this isn't art! It's tagging. It's just some dude's made up name! Taggers are like dogs, marking their territory wherever they can, and "Zach Morris&quot; is just a dog who likes implausible high school scenarios. Either that, I guess, or Mark-Paul Gosselaar is bored. And experimenting?
Utahraptor: I think you're ignoring the symbolism AND sociology behind tagging, T-Rex!
 Explain!
 UTAHRAPTOR YOU ARE ZACH MORRIS
 Someone going by the all-caps name "ZACH MORRIS&quot; has tagged my house! My front door is now spraypainted with &quot;Zach&quot; 's stupid name for jerks. I don't even like Saved by the Bell that much!
 Forget you, Zach Morris!
Dromiceiomimus: I thought you always liked street art, T-Rex! You're always all, "Hey guys, let's reclaim public spaces with art instead of ads!&quot;
 Yeah, but this isn't art! It's tagging. It's just some dude's made up name! Taggers are like dogs, marking their territory wherever they can, and "Zach Morris&quot; is just a dog who likes implausible high school scenarios. Either that, I guess, or Mark-Paul Gosselaar is bored. And experimenting?
Utahraptor: I think you're ignoring the symbolism AND sociology behind tagging, T-Rex!
 Explain!
 UTAHRAPTOR YOU ARE ZACH MORRIS
 A new year is coming up. That means it is time to take stock of my life and make resolutions for improvements in the year to come!
 RESOLUTION ONE:
 eat less chickens!
 I mean, eat FEWER chickens. "Fewer&quot; is when you can count them, and &quot;less&quot; is when it's more of a mass and less countable, right? Like, I'd eat less rice, but I'd eat fewer COUNTABLY-MANY grains of rice.
 Oh, Dromiceiomimus. Denied!!
 Of course! AFTER we talk about "less&quot; and &quot;fewer&quot;.
 Isn't it neat that we have this distinction in English between fewer and elss, but the opposite, "more&quot;, covers both those cases? Our language is ASYMMETRICAL. If you want to encode countability in your &quot;greater than&quot; comparison word, then good luck! Hah! GOOD LUCK WITH THAT, MY FRIEND!
 I ALSO  resolve to get more smooches from ladies.
 Guess who got a role in the new play down at the community centre?
 Me!
 I play Tony, a widower who has managed, alone, to raise his young daughter right.  He's a rugged mechanic with a heart of gold, just waiting for the right person to come along...
 ...someone to melt his icy exterior and reveal the big furry Tony teddy-bear within!
 Tony's a character I'm playing in a show.
 Not likely!
 FOP is one of the rarest conditions known to medicine!
 It's a genetic disorder that causes muscles and connective tissue to literally change to bone.  As more and more tissue becomes bone, joints become fused and the inflicted person is eventually left ossified and completely unable to move!  Attempts to remove the extra bone simply result in further bone growth.  It is a very painful disease and there is no cure, BUT, the gene that causes it has recently been found, which gives us hope!
 Not really!
 We're spreading AWARENESS of the condition, which is a good thing!
 Who's making jokes?  I'm not making jokes.
 Smoochitis is when you have a MEDICAL case of the smooches!
 Dromiceiomimus, do you have smoochitis? 
Dromiceiomimus: I don't know, T-Rex! I might!
 We should smooch to make extra sure!
 She had smoochitis!!
 The only cure: FURTHER SMOOCHING. Symptoms include smooches and caressing about the neck. And buttocks?
 It's my SPECIALTY, baby!
 I am getting old!  WHICH IS FINE, except I'm starting to worry that all I do is young guy stuff and not mature adult stuff, like having a mortgage, or owning more than one pair of nice pants.
 I'm a little surprised by my own feelings!  I've always been a guy to be fully behind doing what you want and SCREW SOCIETY, but I there's a part of me whispering "come on get a real job and a mortgage and live a real life it'll be raaaad&quot;.  Maybe it's societal conditioning, but it's there!  I guess I either need to change my life OR my opinions, or accept that little bit of discomfort for as long as I live.
 Yes!  With my LIFE.
 Maybe!  I guess I look at people with real responsibility and wonder if maybe it'd be nice, and if I'm being - left behind?  I don't know?  I never wanted to be Canonically Adult before!
 So, Dromiceiomimus: Do you know how to draw superheroes? I've got such a great idea for a comic.
 Sweet! Okay, so the idea is, there's this guy, Lee, right? One day he gains SUPER POWERS. And I'm not sure how he gets them yet but BASICALLY he's got this slot in the top of his head, and he can write words on cards and put them in the slot, so he gains those qualities! So say a decision has to be made: he writes "decisive&quot; on a card and forces it into his head, and he becomes DECISIVE LEE! He then has the power to do things decisively, SUPER decisively!
 PRECISELY!
 But not just Precise Lee, he can be Compelling Lee, Obliging Lee - even Furious Lee! But the catch is, the cards stick out, so enemies know what they're dealing with. "Oh cool, we're dealing with Conclusive Lee&quot;, they'll say. &quot;We can ask him some questions.&quot;
 Have I TRULY won every single award in comics?
 I'm a dude who's really not that religious!  I'm not a big believer in DEITIES.
 But I don't like it when someone says they've lost their faith because of me!
 Because faith is something I don't really have, it's sort of like a sandcastle, right?  And I don't want to be the guy that goes around kicking other people's sandcastles.  Even if they thank me afterwards!  Faith is something rare, at least for me, and I'd hate to take it away from someone else.
 Not really!
 Thant's not what I'm saying!  WHO'D HAVE THOUGHT this frank talk about religion would result in heated debate? 
 Well!  I guess that gives us more time to talk about - I don't know.  Dogs?  I guess we could talk about dogs.
 Today is the day. Yes!
 Today is the day I lose my fear of ZOMBIES. 
 The way I see it, zombies are either avoidable or too effective. The only way to become a zombie is to be bitten by one, but not to get eaten, yes? Then the bite kills you and you come back as a zombie. But zombies WANT to eat you! It's only the sucky ones that bite you and don't finish the job. So if the first zombie was REALLY GOOD, the infection wouldn't spread, because he'd cold eat all his victims! And if he was sucky you could just avoid him, on account of his suckiness.
 PROBLEM: SOLVED.
 Yes! Zombies are too effective to be contagious. That's why they can't exist in real life!
 I take it back I take it back!!
 I have discovered the ultimate secret to comedy! The more obscure a joke is, the less people there are who'll get it, but the MORE they'll find it correspondingly HILARIOUS! I suspect this law progresses geometrically.
 For example!
 Let's say I have a joke about how cats like to sleep. NOT FUNNY, right Dromiceiomimus? Everyone who's met a sleepy ol' cat can get that. But if I have a joke about how, say, an obscure programming language is pretty wacky, then people who know that language will feel like I'm talking to them! They laugh both at the joke AND in recognition. Comedy increases, and the only reasonable conclusion is "laughs ahoy!&quot;
 So logically, ALL I HAVE TO DO is find a really rich guy and tell him a joke only HE'D find funny, and I'm set for life!
 Dude, rich people LOVE to give people money when they make them laugh! And I'm going to track down Patrick Stewart and make him laugh SO HARD. You don't even know.
 Um, HE COMMANDED THE ENTERPRISE?
[[Featuring a picture of T-Rex]]
 Dude! WE HAVE TO STEAL IT!
 God! We're going to steal the kilogram!
 Now we're gonna have to use out cleverness because it's PROBABLY well-protected, seeing how it's the only real kilogram in the entire universe.
 I have the brash enthusiasm of an amateur and the body of a tyrannosauroid!
 No-one! About - about nothing!
 Ha ha! Nope! I'd have to be GOD HIMSELF to pull of THAT impressive caper!!
 Hee hee! That's it for SCIENCE, bitches!
 So light behaves like both a particle and a wave, right?  And I can hit dudes with particles.  Is there nothing stopping me from making a light cannon, which, when fired, throws dudes up against the wall?
 Weaponized photons!
Dromiceiomimus: But T-Rex - photons don't have any mass, do they?  If they had mass, wouldn't that mean that walking outside on a sunny day would mean being hit with trillions of tiny bullets, reducing everything to a red, pulpy, well-lit paste?
  But then how do solar sails work?  And photon engines?  Don't they work by photons pushing against things?  HAS SCIENCE FICTION BEEN LYING THROUGH ITS SCIENCE TEETH?
 Perhaps!!
 And if solar sails work, THEN SO TOO WILL MY LIGHT CANNON!  I'll just need tons of light
 THAT, my friend, would be a pretty sweet cannon slash flash-light.  Quick!  To Professor Science's house!
  Sure he is.  PROFESSOR SCIENCE!  IT'S T-REX, UTAHRAPTOR, AND DROMICEIOMIMUS!  We brought LABCOATS!
 Have I TRULY never thrown my hands up in the air, and waved them all around like I just don't care?
{{T-Rex heaves his arms into the area immediately above their current locale, proceeds to move them in an arc, back and forth, as if he has other things on his mind.}}
 I don't see what the big deal about it is! I BARELY feel funkier.
 I guess I feel a little funkier. A LITTLE.
 Oh yeah? Says you, Utahraptor!
Utahraptor: Says me, T-Rex! Okay, listen, THIS is how you throw your hands up in the air. And watch closely, because I'm only going to wave them all around like I just don't care ONCE.
 I'm watching!
 Oh oh...
 Sounds like I'm in for some hilarious misunderstandings!
 Hi, Dromiceiomimus... sun's sure hot today, eh?
 No, no! THE sun!
 Ha ha, what a hilarious misunderstanding.
 Jesus!
Utahraptor: Hi T-Rex!
 Hi!
 Sure!
 Wait, did you mean THIS weekend, or the weekend after this?
 Looks like another hilarious misunderstanding!
 I want to write something that'll make people see the world through fresh eyes! Something they'll want to pass on to their children!
 BASICALLY.
 Except that's been done! I want something NEW that will touch the heart of everyone, WITHOUT EXCEPTION.
 I guess! I bet some authors just want to tell jokes about dinosaurs though.
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: That wouldn't be so bad
 I can't! I need INSPIRATION.
 Brilliant! You've really helped me out, Utahraptor!
 I call my tale, "The Alluring Person with Hidden Greatness (Just Like You!) Who Accidentally Let Down Someone he Loves but then Made Amends and They Kissed: An Action-Packed Tale of the Star Wars Universe, But Afterwards They Visit The Enterprise and Bender Is There&quot;
 It's neat how most of our key verbs are just one syllable long! I think that verbs we use a lot change to short words with time, since if they did NOT, it would take a real long time to say all the run-of-the-mill thoughts we have!
 We'd get bored each time we'd try to talk!
 Sex! Love! Hate! BONE. All are rad AND short verbs! I bet you could use just short WORDS and find it to be not that hard of a trick!
 Well, that verb form is for chumps! I said it! That verb form is for true chumps.
 In fact I do!
 There's a set store of short words, right? A hoard, if you will. If we used all the short word forms for weird and rare verbs, like, I don't know, "to eat a lot of pork&quot;, then it would take a long time to share a thought that did not come down to &quot;Dudes! I want to eat pigs!&quot;
 I have one word for you, my friend!
 Daaaaaaaaaamn
<title>deleted dialogue had utahraptor saying ''There's a 'politicians sure do say one thing and mean another' joke in here somewhere.'' and T-Rex replying ''Not a funny one.''</title>
 Why can't I say two things at the same time? I've tried just now and all I got out of it was a passport stamped for FAILURE TOWNE.
 Apparently, dude!
 But saying a word is just generating a sound wave, right? I could record myself twice saying different things, and then superimpose their waves to get a new one! Then all I'd need to do is train myself to produce THAT wave and it would sound like I'm saying two things at once! I could even do it by rote. Then when people ask me to do things I could say "yes&quot; and &quot;no&quot; at the same time, and then they'd probably dislike me a little. 
 Balderdash!
 You're just saying that because you've never seen it done, dear friend! But I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna figure out how to shape my tongue and mouth and vocal cords to generate the appropriate waveform, and then I'm gonna TRAVEL THE WORLD, saying two things at once. 
 Hey, T-Rex!
 T-Rex!
 You would actually prefer to stay at home and renew old friendships
 I got it, yeah!
 But come on, how are MMORPGS "firm and sexy sauce&quot;?  They're clearly less &quot;firm and sexy&quot; and more &quot;online role playing games that charge by the month and never end&quot;.
 Alright!!  I'm done with this conversation!
Utahraptor: Done with which conversation, T-Rex?
 Done with talking to the Devil!  SO DONE.
 We were talking about naming things, which was fine, actually, but then he used THAT to segue into what turns him on.  I don't want to know that!  That's gross and unwarranted.
 NO!  AND I DON'T WANT TO.
 I have perfected and bottled INSPIRATION! Take a swig! You'll feel INSPIRED.
 No. No, it's nothing like that. It's actual bottled inspiration! I came up with it when I chemically and accidentally created just a little inspiration, and when I drank that, I was inspired to create more! There's a whole pool full of it back at my house. You can drown in it.
Utahraptor: So what's in it, T-Rex?
 SECRETS! And chemicals. A mix of both, I guess.
 Whatever, dude! I know enough to come up with ingestible inspiration! It tastes like SUCCESS.
 That's inspiring! I'm inspired!
 Critical mass rides are when a hundred or more cyclists get together and go on a bike ride! They take over a lane of traffic and get to set their pace. The motto and politics are "we don't block traffic, we are traffic!&quot;
 It's good times, if you're not in a car!
 I find it encouraging when I see a bunch of bikes taking over a road and just going on their way. The noise of traffic is replaced by the softer sound of spokes and gears. It's pretty neat!
 Oh, they still pull over to let those through. They just don't let cars merge in with the bikes because it's DANGEROUS.
Utahraptor: But T-Rex, is it not ENTIRELY TRUE that these rides are illegal?
 Depends on who you ask, dude!
 And where you live, I suppose. I don't know! I know I like to ride bikes, and I believe they're as entitled to the road as cars. The end!
 Wow. Look at all those cannibals on bikes!
 That is technically true, cannibals!
 Nope!
 Man, you're the Devil "#8212; buy your own video games!  You must have &quot;Hellbux&quot;#8482;&quot; or something!
 Okay!  Good to know!
 Aw, come on.  No!
 One sec, Utahraptor.  FINE.  If I ever get a new video game console you can come over and play video games on it.  ONCE.
 You have a grandmother?!  How does that fit into Judeo-Christian normative beliefs?
 I have the best idea! SELLING HUGS. It is a recipe for Instant Profits! The lonely will pay me three dollars for the Squeezy Special!
 All I need is a female business partner, Dromiceiomimus!
 THAT'S on account of how some people want a woman-hug, and that is one hug I can't provide on my own.
Dromiceiomimus: Well, thanks T-Rex, but I already have a job! Also I don't wanna hug people for money.
 You have a job?? What do you do?
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex. I'm a nautical engineer.
 Dromiceiomimus is a nautical engineer?!
 No, of course not! I'm just shocked that she could become an engineer and I knew nothing about it! I guess I don't know her as well as I though. I must be a crappy friend?
 Would the dude who is TRULY sick please raise the roof?
 OH WAIT.  It's me!!
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, I don't mean to be inconsiderate, but shouldn't you be in bed?  You're the only person I know who goes out of his way to ANNOUNCE his sickness to the world.
 What?  I do not.  Today is an aberration!
 A bluff!
 I've got a cold!
 The only cure for Kissing Fever is... a little tongue?
 It's symptomatic of the Fever.
 Other symptoms include the skin of my back flaking off in great big sheets.
 DISGUSTED?  It could happen to you!  Remember my warning well, Utahraptor! You too, Dromiceiomimus!  YOU TOO, Danni, The Intriguingly Sexy Woman Who Is Only Seen In Flashbacks!
 I really don't like doing the dishes.
 That is why I will ask the Utahraptor to do them for me!
 Oh man, it's going to be so sweet when he says "yes&quot;!
 I'll be able to cook all sorts of fancy foods now that I'm freed of that soul-crushing chore of doing the damned dishes!
 Yes, I have a question to ask you!
: How would you like to do my dishes for me?
 But -
 You're sure?
 Argh!
 I really hate doing the dishes!
 Nanites are tiny robots!  They're SO TINY that they can robotically mess with things at the molecular level.
 Pretty darned sweet, my friends!
 The dream is that you could pour a vial of nanites on your bed and they'd transform it at the "nano&quot; level into a better bed, or a big ol' pile of tasty burgers!  You could eliminate hunger, dispose of waste, and so on.  The only downside is that the nanites could malfunction, reproduce without check, and reduce all life to a featureless grey goo.
 OR to burgers.
 Maybe?
 I AM probably confusing science fiction nanites with real nanites.  But one thing we can all agree on is that nanites are pretty neat.
 YES WE CAN.
 It's Nanite versus Manite!  Two titans battling for dominance of my affections!
 GUYS, I KNOW.
 George Mallory and Andrew Irvine were the two British dudes who first tried to climb Mount Everest!
 Their last sighting was just a few hundred metres from the summit.  They never made it back!  A STANDARD MOUNTAINEERING TALE, except that if they had made it to the top, they'd have been the first, AND they were carrying cameras.  If we could find the frozen cameras we could still retrieve images from them today, and then we'd know if they actually did make it to the top, since who climbs Mount Everest and doesn't take a picture?  NOBODY, that's who.
 Only one!
 Mallory's body was found 75 years later, but no cameras were on him.  Irvine's body is still up there somewhere, maybe with the cameras!
 That's ridiculous!
 Sure are! How hard could it be? It's just like climbing stairs, only longer!
 And if I stay too long at the top of the stairs, I'll die!
 They sure do. We're going STRAIGHT TO THE TOP, baby! We'll see if the deadly Everest Eliminator exists or not. SOME claim he's a wacky murderer who pushes people off the peak when they're least expecting it! Others say that's stupid.
 We're going Because It's There. And also Because We Won Free Tickets From The Radio. Also because hired sherpas will do most of the work.
 Well, I'M going because it's there AND to prove that there's no murderer called the Everest Eliminator at the top.
 He only tried to pus me a li'l!
 Yep!
 . . . Tall?
 Whatever, man! It WAS tall. It was also cold! It was cold, and tall.
 Aw, MAN
 God's gonna put out a new Bible in which he makes fun of my powers of TAUTOLOGICAL DESCRIPTION
 It's okay! You tried!
 Do- do you actually rule the schools at eating Sloppy Joes though? 
 I'm not buying one!
 Dude! I'm not buying a book where you insult me!
 You - you dedicated BIBLE II to me? I'm not sure how I feel about that.
 FINE, give me a copy!
 And I'm not evern sure how he got it published! One passage reads "rhumba thumba, farts and shoes: I want y'all to be nice to yous.&quot; Because of how dumb it is, I can never forget that sentence.
 what happened to it?
 You - you dedicated BIBLE II to me?  I'm not sure how I feel about that.
 Oh, Morris!
 I just realized that no women have ever been to the moon! ONLY DUDES. DUDES WHO RETURNED AS MEN.
 Apparently, you need a sausage to get on the moon!
 Yep! I know we're being sensationalistic here, since there's only been thirteen people on the moon EVER, and that's a pretty small sample size. But still! No women! No grandmothers! NO SULLEN TEENS (FEMALE). Just men!
 Also: no asians?
 Is there a reason why all the Apollo missions were crewed by dudes?
 I guess! And I guess you could make an argument for "sexy is distracting, ON THE MOON.&quot; But sexy is distracting everywhere! You know?
 Excuse me, sir! Would you like to buy a button that reads "RETURN TO THE MOON AND DON'T FORGET THE CHICKS THIS TIME&quot;?
 It may, sir!
 I just can't get enough of this one song (The Beach Boys: Help Me Rhonda)!  I think I'll play it on repeat for 49 minutes.
 One more time!!
Dromiceiomimus: PLEASE, T-Rex, play a different song.  I can hear it from here, and I've been able to hear it from here for the past 20 minutes.
 I had to turn up the tunes because I was going outside!  I don't have a "boom box&quot; or similar portable music device.
 such as the ipod shuffle
Utahraptor: What the hell, T-Rex!  What's with the noise?
 It's my new favorite song!
Utahraptor: Listen, T-Rex!  We're all tired of hearing the Beach Boys asking Rhonda for help.
 FINE.  I'll play a different song.
 Hello cops!
Cops: Hey T-Rex!
 Am I going to jail, cops?
 Oh my God, I had the best sleep last night. The best sleep ever. It was - it was such a good sleep. Easily, EASILY the best sleep of my life.
 Therefore, it's all downhill from here.
 No sleep could possibly compare with my sleep from last night! Even in the sleep of death I will be all, "this sleep is pretty good; but man, that OTHER sleep I had? It was rad. It was so RAD.&quot;
 I will spend all my time being dead remembering that sleep. How could I not? This was a sleep for ages.
 SURE AM, sweetcheeks!
 Wait, what?? Sweetcheeks? I'm sorry, I don't know where that came from. I don't normally call people "sweetcheeks&quot;.
 aw.
 I hope you like disappointing sequels!
 Uh - ok, I'm a T-Rex, but, uh, all my symbolism is stripped down in exchange for my mindless destruction.
 Wasn't this one on a boat?
 Too bad nobody saw it!
 I don't know.
 At the end, I get to attack a city!
 IT'S PLAUSIBLE!
 A new lunar year, and guess who's still not married?
 THE ANSWER IS ME
 Daaaaaaaaaaaaamn!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, you sure have been saying "damn&quot; a lot lately!
 Daaamn!
 Daaaaaamn!
 Daaaaaaaaaamn!
 DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN!
 If you want to get married then first you need to find a mate! You need to find a LIFE PARTNER.
 Once you have that partner, then ALL YOU HAVE TO DO is commit to them for the rest of your life, and they to you! It's really that easy! It's like buying a Game Boy, opening it up, and then saying, "Yes, this is enough. I will never get tired of Tetris.&quot;
 ALSO, the Game Boy loves you back.
 Aaand you're not allowed to loan the Game Boy out to friends unless you and the Game Boy talk about it first.
Utahraptor: I really don't see why you're forcing a Game Boy into this, T-Rex!
 Utahraptor! It's an analogy.
 Yes, that is a fair and accurate impression of me and my awesome desription of marriage.
 But don't you see? By casting marriage in terms of Game Boys, I make it seem accessible, fun, affordable, and sexy!
 THEY ARE 18 YEARS OLD THIS YEAR FOR YOUR INFORMATION
 ALSO WHAT THE HELL DID I JUST SAY
 I was going to write a science fiction story, but then I stopped.  I realized I don't know what science fiction, as a genre, means!
 Seriously!  I had some DOUBTS.
 If I was writing a western I could go on and on about order versus freedom, civilization versus the wilderness, the hero as a man stuck between these two worlds, and so on!  But what's science fiction about?  Is it just literature with space ships and robots and casually inverted flux variance?  Aliens stopped being parallels for The Other long ago, didn't they?
Utahraptor: Why are you worried about this, T-Rex?  It's just a genre label!
 So?
 My other problem is I don't have a plotline either.
 Once upon a time there was a cat.  He was obese.
 I saw him on the bus!
 Poker sure seems to be popular lately! Does the road to financial independence TRULY pass through Gambling Towne, USA?
 There's one way to find out!
 Yeah but, you can lose at lotteries because it's just chance, right? But in poker, you can bluff! IN THEORY, I can bluff my way into the annals of poker history AND the annals of "neighbours with suspicious amounts of disposable income&quot;, ALL AT THE SAME TIME. All I need is a good poker face!
 What? I've got mad skills at poker!
 That is advice for people WITHOUT the ultimate poker face. Check this out.
 poooooker
 I've doubled my money!
 I guess I've been pretty lucky to get this far without making any big, life-altering mistakes. I think the biggest mistake I ever made was mixing up some juice from concentrate that had a ladybug in it!
 I was experimenting with mixing juice with a blender, and I guess there was a ladybug in the blender? ALL I KNOW is that when the blender turned off and the smoke cleared, my hitherto delicious juice had clearly-identifiable ladybug pieces floating on top. I recall saying "Aw man! My JUICE!&quot;
 No! Of course not!
 But that's not what I wanted to talk about. I wanted to talk about how one bad decision can totally change your life, you know? Lost limbs, broken friendships, unexpected pregnancies with someone you don't really like: stuff like that.
 FINE. It was the worst juice, everyone. IT had guts in it!
 The essential problem with Superman, as a character, is that he's too powerful and incorruptible.  He's a walking deus ex machina! You give him a foe he can't beat, and all he has to do is TRY HARDER, and then he beats the guy.
 What I'm saying is that this is not truly satisfying!
 The way to make Supes interesting is to put him up against a problem that he can't fix by punching someone through a building! Put him in a situation where, say, everyone he loves starts dying of a disease that he can't detect or cure, passing away in his arms, one by one.  At the end he's left as the sole survivor of the doomed planet Earth, six billion dead - only this time, he had a chance to stop the disaster, and he FAILED.
Utahraptor: That's a terrible story, T-Rex!
 It's modern, AND dark!
 I bet if Superman were real he'd like my story. He'd say to me, "That was a SUPER interesting story, T-Rex!&quot;
 Superman! If I jump off this building will you save me?
 Will you save me though?
 I'm just gonna jump real quick, okay?
 Alright! Time for me to meet a nice woman named Samantha, as per my prediction of yesterday! I will romance her until she no longer desires further romancin'. The romancin' will be mutual.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, you're my friend and I respect you, but you're not really ROMANTIC. Romance requires emotional swagger and sensitivity, but you've inured yourself to all but the most amusing of feelings, you know? You just attract through other means.
 What?! I can be romantic!!
 Hold on a sec; I'll get you some chocolates and diamonds.
Utahraptor: That's not really romance, T-Rex!
 Chocolates plus diamonds equals romance, dude!
 Well, UTAHRAPTOR, you're going to have to take THAT up with TV, print and radio commercials, who disagree!
 'Kay! I 'll see you kids later!
 Oh goodness, do I love alternate histories. What would the world be like if Nazis won World War II?
 I know! Let's watch a movie to find out!
 I think what I like is the fun of going back and finding one event and just flipping it, then reasonably tracing the changes up to the present. It really can be an intellectual exercise! I also like how alternate histories imply that each of our daily actions could have TIMELINE-ALTERING CONSEQUENCES.
Utahraptor: Well, not ALL of our actions, T-Rex! Just the big ones.
 Perhaps...
 But, Utahraptor... perhaps NOT!
 Now, if you'll excuse me, I'M going to change all our tomorrows. Farewell!
 I'm writing a story in which I eat a lot of sandwiches! Then I'm gonna ACTUALLY eat a lot of sandwiches.
 I have a pretty good knowledge of my closest friends. I know their likes and dislikes and can predict how they'd react in most situations!
 I have constructed nothing less than FRIEND SIMULATORS in my very mind!
 It's pretty great, Dromiceiomimus! Sometimes I'll ask myself "What's Utahraptor probably doing this weekend?&quot; or &quot;What would Dromiceiomimus do if she found out I ate all these chicken legs?&quot; and I use my friend simulators to asnwer these questions.
 they didn't
 Like you!
 He fills in when you're not around or when it'd be ridiculous to ask you what you thought of something. He also tells me what you want for your birthday. What's your T-Rex simulator like?
 booooooooooooooners
 I am strutting today because I am assured of getting what I want!
 My horoscope has promised me this!
 And it was RIGHT! Here I am crushing a house, just like I intended to! Have I become and unstoppable force of will?
Utahraptor: T-Rex, how is this different from any other day? You stomp on things routinely!
 Yes, but today I have predestination on my side!
 I think you will find that I am full of surprises!
 For instance, remember when you couldn't figure out who snuck into your house just to eat some cookies? That was me! SURPRISE!
  Maybe today is the day I meet the love of my life, but ONLY if I go to the supermarket, because that's where she is!
  I should get some friggin' groceries!
  BUT - maybe she's NOT at the grocery store.  Maybe she's nearby, and by going to the grocery store, I'd miss her and we'd never meet!  Maybe I'm sabotaging my future RIGHT NOW as I speak!
  The point is that if you've only got one "true love&quot; in the world, then the odds of meeting her are super small.
  Oh, we did!
  But THEN I realized I can probably love one lady more than another.  Rank them by happiness and you've got my best match, my "true love&quot;, right at the top!
  Full-potential happy, eh?  Hmm!
T-Rex in thought-cloud:  I've got a robot suit AND a girlfriend!
  Is she nice?
T-Rex in thought-cloud:  she's alright
 Okay! I am going to write a story and it will be something BRAND NEW. It will be the most staggeringly original story ever. It will feature action and characters that COULD NEVER HAVE BEEN CONCEIVED BY ANYONE BUT ME.
 I call shenanigans on that!! What are these 10 basic stories then?
 THAT ONE IS NOT A REAL STORY.
 Ridiculous!
 All that means is that if you boil the story down to its most superficial aspect then, YEAH, you can connect it to "Terminator II&quot;. But then you might as well treat EVERY story as a sequel, prequel, or rewrite of &quot;Terminator II&quot;!
 It's an okay story, but as a Terminator sequel, it profoundly disappoints on every conceivable level!
 Back to my amazing story, "#8220;Tuqqy the Tugboat Tugs... In Space!&quot;#8221; It&quot;#8217;s about a NON-ANTHROPOMORPHIZED tugboat who tugs, in space. His windshield does not double as eyes. Tugboats are not like that.
 In any case, one day a killer asteroid is discovered headed straight for Earth! 
 Tuggy"#8217;s our only chance &quot;#8212; our last, best hope for survival. All of our tomorrows ride on the non-anthropomorphic shoulders of one Tuggy T. Tugboat, in space! Will he be able to do it? Will he be able to save us all and become our greatest hero? 
 He is just a regular tugboat,  Dromiceiomimus. 
 Character development
 Look at you, Mr. "#8220;I can&quot;#8217;t suspend my disbelief for a SPACE TUGBOAT named &quot;#8216;Tuggy&quot;#8217;&quot;#8221;! He moves by pushing against the aether, okay? 
 Yes! Look at me! Look at me and buy my story and find out if Tuggy saves us all! 
 The answer is Yes
 Okay, so nobody has bought my Tuggy story. THIS IS THEIR LOSS. Tuggy and I don't mind. Instead I will give them another story, about a superhero! A superhero called...
 ...Spoiler Alert!
 That's her name: Spoiler Alert. When she shows up the bad guys yell "Spoiler Alert&quot; to warn each other! Also when people type it online it means they just saw her run by as they were typing; they wanted to share. Tada!
 They shorten because they're alarmed.
 Oh, it's true!
 I want Tuggy T. Tugboat to be my great success! Spoiler Alert just feels so COMMERCIAL, you know?
Utahraptor: I think you've got a long way to go before people accuse you of being too commercial, T-Rex.
 Aww. Thanks, Utahraptor!
 But Spoiler Alert wears a flapper swimsuit when she ruins endings. She can't help but make me money!
 They're what every man desires but cannot express!
 Everyone knows about hetero-, homo-, a- and bi-sexuals. They are OLD HAT. Here are some wxciting new sexualities!
 You are attracted to everything ever. Sweet! Good luck, dude or lady!
 It's where you only like yourself. You sure must be something' else!
 FINE. They can be called "autosexual&quot; and people who only like themselves will be &quot;solosexuals&quot;.
 "We are having sex righth now!&quot;
 You go in circles around things or something! I don't know!
T-Rex amd Utahraptor: Sexual kinds of circles!
 You're sexy... at sea? Okay! I'm done!
 That one's crazy!
 Today is Pi Day! That means you get to eat pie at 1:59 PM, or 1:59 AM if you're up. I don't know.
 I feel a profound disconnect with this holiday!
 I get that it's celebrating the UNIVERSAL CONSTANT PI, and that it's celebrated today because 3.14159 can be translated into Mach 14th, 1:59. But what makes pi so special? Why don't we celebrate Euler's Number day on... February 71st?
 Hah! Now THAT is a holiday I can get behind!
 Sure can, dude!
 It's a holiday for people who are GOOD ENOUGH, just not transcendental! They do their best! They get by alright in most situations - just don't try to build a bridge with them, you know?
 Not failure, Utahraptor! Approximations of success!
 On July 22 instead of eating pie, I'm just going to sort of rub pie around my face and call it a day!
 Failure is just success rounded down, my friend!
 What I miss is scenes in movies where people would be yelling at each other, and then they'd both stop, stare at each other for a beat, and then they'd be making out!  WHY DOES THAT NOT HAPPEN ANYMORE?  It was awesome!
 (It was seriously awesome!)
 And time was it was a necessary feature of every great movie - just like car chases are today!  You could go into a theatre and be GUARANTEED the slap across the face / smooch on the lips combo, SOMETIMES even before the opening credits were over.  It was good times!  I like the car chases, of course, but I miss the nuance of the old topos.  Great actors would bring such subtlety to the face slap - such pathos to the ensuing makeouts!
 Necessary AND sufficient!
 And like I said, they're fantastic, but they don't lend themselves to the smooches.  Today's actors COULD yell at each other and then make out during a car chase, but they never do.
 Well, I keep waiting.
 When I die, I want to be buried in a bog. I want to become a bog person!
 Sure am!
 The acidic and anaerobic bog water will preserve and tan my soft tissues, while dissolving the calcium in my bones! The end result is that thousands of years later, someone will find my body, still posed as I requested it, just a little floppy because there's no skeleton holding me up. THIS IS HOW I WANNA SPEND ETERNITY. Also, posed giving a Fonzie-style double thumbs up and holding a sign that says "Dudes, What's Shakin'.&quot;
 Probably! If not, we can make it out of soft tissues.
 It'll give future historians something to talk about! They will say, "Wow! Who was this incredible man?&quot;
 "Why was he so concerned with what was shakin' with the dudes?&quot;
 "Is that what killed him?&quot;
 Anachronism is when you have technology being used before it was invented!  It happens whenever Shakespeare listens to his MP3s.
 Ah, anachronism!  It can also happen by accident, like when an author forgets that people didn't write with ballpoint pens 100 years ago or that elves didn't have friggin' computers.  Sometimes if it's a really obvious error it can be played for comedy.
 It is an advanced literary technique used by only our most handsome authors!
 Unfortunately, no!
 Time machines are a special case.  If there is a time machine in the story then a lot of anachronism can be explained by the time machine, and is thus NO LONGER ANACHRONISM.
 Yeah.  It's the best.
 Shakespeare! Are you listening to your MP3s again?!
 Anthropomorphism is when you have things that normally can't talk walking around and behaving like people!  It happens whenever a toaster flips you off.
 Anthropomorphism is often used in childrens' stories where you have talking animals, but can also be used in more adult works!  This is because occasionally adults enjoy it when a cat is sassy.  Sometimes, a character will be anthropomorphized by mistake, like when you write a play and accidentally attribute dialogue to a ceiling tile.  The ceiling tile is said to be "anthropomorphized&quot; if the oversight is not corrected in a timely fashion.
 Aw man, really?
 Well, you're welcome!  Anytime you need anthropomorphism explained, just drop me a line.
 Shakespeare, are you flipping off your toaster again?  It's 3 AM!
 I feel that I know what's best for me, and I have no right to judge your beliefs.
 All beliefs and ethics are "relative&quot;!
 I stomp this house because I feel it would be a good idea to do so! Do not judge me, Dromiceiomimus!
 That is the beauty of relativism: we both are!
 Ethical relativism is the best philosophy ever!
 But your first assumption is flawed! I doubt you can find even one universal constant; even your revealing example of baby-rape is practiced by some! Granted, these people are considered" monsters&quot;, but isn't that just a case of the majority condemning a minority? I don't mean to justify baby-rape, but only to point out that it's unlikely you can come up with even one belief that is universal!
 Allusion is a reference to a person, place, or thing in a piece of literature!  Like when Picard mentions Moby Dick in Star Trek: First Contact?
 Allusions are pretty handy because they allow you to summarize potentially complex ideas with one succinct reference, essentially piggybacking on the brilliance of previously established works!  HOWEVER, if the audience isn't familiar with the reference, the alluson fails and can seem weird or out-of-place.
T-Rex and Dromiceiomimus: Hah hah hah!
 Sure have!!
 Um - I kinda realized that I'd like to have children one day?  But I need to have a girlfriend for that first.
 Shakespeare, you should write a story where elephants get to be our pals!
 What's the matter, William? TOO CHICKEN TO WORK IT IN??
 In CONCLUSION, anachronism, anthropomorphism and allusion are the only three literary techniques! There aren't any others. Okay there were some others but they died.
 All dead! Today's readers yawn in the face of foreshadowing! They wince when seeing ANY events that occur after the climax! They throw up a little when a part is used to represent the whole! You can tell when that's happened because you'll go to the library and hear "Synedoche?! bleggh&quot;
 People throw up all the time too!
 COINCIDENCE, UTAHRAPTOR?? Or something more?
 I GUESS I AM. Let me just check with an actual doctor real quick though.
 Can you check my eyes next, Doctor?
 I think there's something wrong with my pupils - since they've turned into cartoon hearts!!
 I've decided that if I ever get to travel back in time, AGAIN, I'm going to the Battle of Salamis, in which the Greeks beat the Persians, turning the tide in their war which led tot he eventual Greek victory!
 It has been described as the single most important battle in history!
 This is because had the Greeks lost, then so too would the early idea of democracy been denied its initial flourishing, which could have affected all of western civilization! Seeing how influential western civilization has been on the world, if I am a dude who wants to make WILD UNPREDICTABLE CHANGES to the history of time, this seems like the place and time to do it!
 I don't know! Maybe!
 It might be cool to just watch the battle, but it ALSO might be cool to go back and cold start stepping on butterflies like CRAZY, Then come back to the present and be all, "oh snap! My bathroom is now teal!&quot;
Persians and Greeks: Don't travel back in time to bother us, T-Rex!
 Wow! Where'd you guys pick up English?
Narrator: Member Name: T-Rex
Narrator: Hello ladies! My name is T-Rex. I am a rad dude with a rad 'tude! I hope you were wanting to hear about my 'tude today because you just did!!
 What? Zero replies??
 But my clock is ticking
  Zero replies on my awesome personal ad!  Maybe it was TOO awesome?  Maybe... maybe there was a spelling mistake?
 Man!  I'll never have kids at this rate!
Dromiceiomimus: Aww!  You want kids, T-Rex?  They'd be cute!
 I don't know - maybe!  But it would be years down the road.  The thing is, IF I want kids, I have to meet someone, fall in love, convince her to fall in love with me, etc., and then get married and then have children and MAN, that can be a long process.  I need to start planning now if I want children in the next 10 years!  I need to start HEDGING MY BETS.
 Always an option, my friend!
 But if I want to build a family in the classical way - and I'm not sure that I do, but I might in the future - I need to get on that now!
 Oh, nevermind!  There really WAS a spelling mistake.
 No wonder all the sexy babes were turned off!
 Sheesh, T-Rex!
 Who owes me money? Utahraptor owes me money!
 Homeboy owes me 30 bucks!
 Dromiceiomimus, does Utahraptor owe YOU any money?  Because he owes me 30 bucks and I was thinking, if he owes you money too, maybe we could team up and get him to pay.
Dromiceiomimus: No T-Rex, nobody owes me money!  I keep money and friendship separate.
 Utahraptor keeps money and FRIENDS separate!  My money and ME (the friend), that is!!
Utahraptor: I don't owe you any money, T-Rex!
 You owe me 30 clams!  30 BUCKAZOIDS.
 Hah hah, yeah, I remember those! They were insane!!
 They tasted like chalk, but looked like Jane Austen!  Fishstick Austen!!
 It turns out that's all I ever wanted in a mealtime treat!
 People don't want traditional! They want NEW and SEXY. If people wanted traditional we'd all be driving around on Model T horses or whatever.
 With that in mind, I have started a new religion: Buddhism 2!
 Buddhism 2 is like Buddhism, but bigger, badder, and better than ever. If you liked the four noble truths, you'll LOVE that we've doubled them up, giving you eight sexy new truths to choose from! And if you believe suffering is caused by desire, well then GET READY TO SUFFER, because we've taken Nirvana and kicked it up to the max. You won't believe your eyes!
 Thanks, man!
 Buddhism 2 ALSO includes the startling revelation that Buddha had a daughter. Wow! She's the slim and sexy new smilin' face of Buddhism, now in a tiny red bikini! Would you like to know more?
Narrator: Later: T-Rex gets visited by a gang of Buddhists:
 Buddhists! Are you interested in trading up to a religion with SIXTEEN COLLECTIBLE CUPS?
 Is there any conceivable better form of music than out-of-genre cover songs?  The answer is no!  The FULL answer is "No, there is nothing better!  I love them all SO MUCH!  I can never take this back.&quot;
 They're great because say you love a particular hip hop song, but wouldn't you love it EVEN MORE if it was an opera?  Yes, you would!  Also, wouldn't you love arias ten times better as gangsta rap songs?  Here again, the answer is yes.  I don't know why all music is apparently produced originally in the wrong genre as the one nature intended, but I accept it, and thank those artists bold enough to see beyond the limits of generic form!
 That's part of it, true!
 I like the feeling of looking in on an alternate universe: that sense of familiarity, altered but recognizable.  But even without it, some are just really great songs that stand on their own!
 It's the song I hear in my head whenever I close my eyes!
 Ladies!  Pleasing a man is EASY!
 Here are some simple sexy secrets to pleasing your man!
 Men love a woman who remembers his birthday.  Try remembering your man's birthday, and them when the big day comes, tell him you hope he has a good time, because he deserves it!
 It works on all men who have been born.
 Solid!
 Finally, experiment with remembering your man's interests!  That way, when a gift is called for, you can look for one that dovetails nicely with his interests.  He won't forget it!
 I agree!  I would say that if the relationship is failing despite these tips, then you and your man may have insurmountable, fundamental differences, even if you love each other more than you can say.  Nothing is meant to last forever ladies!
 Anyway!
 Food for thought!
 Dudes: that is correct!
 I have used my "in&quot; with the ladies to spread around some tips!
 I told them that we like birthdays and cool presents and when they are nice.  Now chicks will know what we like!  I know there are some men out there who would have preferred I'd given more SALACIOUS tips, like "how to please man in the milieu of the bed-room&quot;, but that is ridiculous.  Here is how you please a man in the milieu of the bed-room: I DUNNO, MAYBE SEXUAL INTERCOURSE WILL DO THE TRICK??
 Nope, just regular sexism!
 It's a joke that plays off gender stereotypes!  Here, I'll prove it via the scientific method... OF ASKING RANDOM MEN WHAT THEY THINK!
 Excuse me!  Male pedestrians?
 Would you say you can distinguish between good and bad sex?
 It occurs to me...
 I am indeed god at stomping on things!
 In fact, I would venture that I am the best at such endeavours!
 There are probably others, whom you may never meet, but who have even greater skill than you!
 You - you're right! I can never be assured of my own superiority, even in this modest arena!
 For me, this has been a lesson in humility!
 Wait a minute! WAIT JUST A MINUTE.
 Fruits are INSANE!
 I plant a banana tree and I come back a while later and it's transformed dirt into bananas. Fruit is just - congealed sunlight and dirt! That's CRAZY Dromiceiomimus! How do plants do it? I wouldn't know where to even start transforming sun and dirt into bananas. I would be TOTALLY LOST.
 What if I want bananas though?
 Aw man, I did?
 I guess I should've put "impressed by fruit&quot; on my new BUSINESS CARDS, huh?
 There was a sale?
[[Business Card Background]]: T-Rex "Quis custodiet ipsos custodes!?!&quot;
 I have a brilliant idea for revenging myself against TV's Kelsey Grammer. Oh yes.
 All I have to do is put out a major motion picture and include in it a brilliant role for Kelsey. It will be a dazzling, moving role, but will also play to his type as a smart yet sassy older man. It'll be a role that screams "Kelsey Grammer&quot;: a touchstone that defines a generation - and a career. I'll even name the character &quot;Kelsey G&quot;! THEN, I'm gonna just go ahead and give it to somebody else. SORRY, KELSEY! TOO BAD FOR YOU THERE, HUH?
Utahraptor: What'd Kelsey ever do to you, T-Rex?
 Nothing! He seems like a nice guy!
 Yep.
 Listen, it's good to be prepared.
 Hello, Kelsey Grammer?
 Kelsey! We're on speakphone!
 ...I think your voice is a wonderful gift!
 The opposite of solipsism (where you believe you are the only real person who is imagining a universe) is antisolipsism, in which you believe everyone is real except you! I may have just made this up. Anyway!
 You believe you're totally fake!
 You're just a sustained figment of everyone else's imagination. The only issue with THAT is how everyone is imagining the same dude at the same time so well.
 Perhaps!
 Yes!
 If you buy into solipsism, then what are the odds you're the chosen one? Maybe there's some actual solipsist who really IS the only real thing going, and they're imagining everything for you, even when you're not around. What a card, huh? What a crazy dude!
 If you believe one person can imagine a universe, you have to believe they can imagine your thoughts too, and then you've got no reason to believe you're real!
 Then: ice cream!
 Similar to antisolipsism but ACTUALLY REAL is the Cotard Delusion, in which the person affected believes they have died.
 So it goes!
 The condition was first identified over 100 years ago. This is UNFORTUNATE, because it was identified before the proper nomenclature was in place. It should've been called :I Think I Might Be A Zombieitis."
 'I Think I Might Be A Zombie Who's Fullitis".
 Oh, what you'd expect, really.
 A disconnect with life, a sense of emotional and physiological flatness which may be a symptom or a cause of the disorder. It's very rare, but one that I imagine is quite upsetting for everyone involved. Sometimes the person affected won't eat. 
 Yep! This continues a theme in my life of being terrified of all that can go wrong with my brain. Hey, you wanna invent a way  to transform our minds into something non-physical so that we can live safely forever?
 RADICAL.
 Panpsychism is the belief that everything in the universe has consciousness - not just chicks and dudes, but even inorganic matter like steel! Even the stinky ol' sofa that nobody likes because it stinks when you sit on it.
 I hear you, man!
 Anyway, it doesn't necessarily claim that drywall spends its time writing poems about, you know, DRYWALL STUFF - it only claims that there are some elements of sentience in everything. When you boil water it might be enjoying it, that's all. Or, it might be writhing in pain, screaming for mercy with a mouth that now speaks only with a scalding voice of steam.
 Oh yeah?
 I can see the appeal of that! Though you'd kinda have to wonder what the universe is thinking about.
 I have issues with physical intimacy!
 I don't like it when something bad happens. Well, IN PARTICULAR, I don't like it when something bad happens and people say that "there's a reason&quot; for it happening!
 It turns bad things into a value proposition!
 I'm all for optimism and for comforting people, so it's not TERRIBLE, but I've always read the phrase as saying "you're sad because you got a raw deal, but ACTUALLY things will be better in the future because of this event, so you're coming out on top!&quot; It seems very - capitalistic, I guess? Like I would want to be comforted by being told that, despite appearances, I'm actually a savvy businessman?
Utahraptor: I think the phrase is more to try to find sense to a senseless loss, T-Rex.
 I guess.
 And I get that it's meant to comfort, and I respect that! I just don't like how it implies I'm sad because of a bad deal. I'm sad for the loss, you know?
 Just one...!
 God, where the heck are my socks?! I can't find any of my socks.
 Hey, God?
 SOCKS PLEASE
 There sure are a lot of songs about dancing!  I have probably heard at LEAST three hundred songs about dancing.
 Aww, you counted!
 So why is music so reflexive?  There aren't tons of paintings about  PAINTING, for example.  Or plays and/or movies about sitting and watching a play and/or movie, for that matter!
Dromiceiomimus: Actually T-Rex, that's not really true, and plus that's not really a fair comparison.  Dancing is something you do in response to music!  There are lots of paintings, films and plays that really ARE about your response to them.
 Well!  SO MUCH FOR THAT FUNNY RANT.
 Wait, this can still be salvaged! Utahraptor, you know what I dislike?  PEOPLE AT THE GROCERY STORE WHO TAKE A LONG TIME AT THE CASH, FOR VARIOUS REASONS!!
 They, um - they sure could be faster, is what I'm sayin'.
 Dear mental diary: everyone here sucks.  Maybe I should take my act to the grocery store!
 Depressive realism is the theory that depressed people have a more accurate view of the world than the non depressed. It started when psychologists experimented with some regular chicks and dudes AND some depressed chicks and dudes.
 That's how these things always start!!
 Anyway, they put them in a room with a button and a lightbulb. The light turned on and off regardless of when the button was pressed, and the participants who were depressed were more likely to conclude that they weren't in control of the light! The non-depressed people DELUDED THEMSELVES into thinking they had more influence. The popular conclusion was that depressed people saw things more realistically!
 Sure is!
 And it turns out that the effect only shows up in specific trivial situations! But it's a popular idea. I think some people just like the idea that depression might be an advantage!
 But not TOO much, because then they wouldn't be depressed anymore!
 Excuse me, sir, you look depressed! Would you say you have a more accurate view of the world?
 A sandwich... made out of your own tears??
 It occurs to me that I've never written a love poem! I'm a romantic guy - how hard can it be? I can probably conjure up unfathomable depths of soul-felt emotion like THAT. For instance, here is "I just got kissed... on the lips!&quot;
 Woo!
 Okay, okay, check this out, Dromiceiomimus: "You are so beautiful to me, and I want to tell you just how much I love you / I was born to love you / Let's never stop falling in love / Love hurts / But / I would do anything for love&quot;.
 Okay! Okay, try two!
 "Tainted Love / Ohh / Tainted Love / Also, Baby Love&quot;
 Utahraptor, I am the worst at love poems.
 Okay, I'm trying really hard this time.
 "Baby! / I love you / And if you don't believe that / then what the Hell&quot;
 Man! Even I'D dump me right now!
 Okay, so I can't write love poetry. That's fine. There are plenty of dudes who will write it for me. But I can PROBABLY write a pretty kick-ass SHERLOCK HOLMES story!
 I will call it, "Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Mummy's Curse!&quot;
 In it, Holmes and Watson will come across a Mummy who has a curse, and then there will be a mystery involving the curse. Did the Mummy really kill from BEYOND THE GRAVE? Let's ask Sherlock; I'll bet he knows.
 Sherlock Holmes will solve the case using deduction, Dromiceiomimus.
 Truly outrageous!
 BECAUSE NOBODY WILL READ MY STORY OTHERWISE??
Sherlock Holmes: T-Rex, it is I, Sherlock Holmes! I deduced an elementary way to become real, just to ask you to stop writing your story!
 Sherlock Holmes!! Can you describe me as "the Napoleon of RHYME&quot;?
 Today is a good day I think for public displays of affection!
 Everyone else seems to think so, at least!
 Hey Dromiceiomimus, care to witness a public display of affection? I seem to see them all the time whenever I go out walking!
 Wouldn't be the first time!
Utahraptor: T-Rex, is what I hear true? Are you going around making out with yourself?!
 No!
 That was a joke! Besides, how would I even do that? I'd just sit there, kissing my own arm?
 Sorry to disappoint! Anyway, I'm going to go finish my walk.
 Eww! Gross!
 QUIT MAKING OUT, YOU TWO!
 Okay okay - so there's been a lot of people born, right? In the history of time there are a lot of people who have been born. So the question is, are there enough people in the world that I could write out a story...
  ... and reasonably expect it to have already been LIVED OUT in real life?
 Let's assume narratives can be reduced to yes/no decisions, and on average real people make a yes/no decision every 15 seconds. Two people are needed to cover each option for every decision! So after - um, 33 decisions, we've got more people needed than are alive now, and we're only eight minutes into our story. It is a stories-in-real-life disaster!
 BUT, if I wrote a story about the first eight minutes of a baby's life, ODDS ARE someone has lived it!
 I guess the odds of my writing a story and having it be what ACTUALLY HAPPENED to some dude are pretty low, huh.
 i thought maybe it could be me
 Here are some jokes about horses. Why do horses like waterskiing?
 What?!
 How is it racist? Nobody thinks that horses are super waterskiers.
 FINE. Here's a non-racist horse joke: why do horses like to waterski? The answer is "I don't know, but it's definitely NOT because they're horses.&quot;
 "They probably have their reasons.&quot;
 NOTHING! I like horses!
 Some of my best friends are horses. That's why I can make horse jokes! They know I'm just kidding. They know that when I say "why the long face&quot; I don't actually think all horses have long faces.
 Shh! We're not supposed to notice!
 Sure do!  I have a friend who is visiting from INTERNET.  He's pretty rad!  But there is a problem...
 He walks on my damn carpets with his damn shoes on!
 Who does that?  He's PROBABLY getting dirt all over the carpets like nobody's business!
Dromiceiomimus: Well, have you asked him to stop, T-Rex?
 I didn't want to seem uptight about it!  It's something he should know by now, right?  But now it's quickly becoming a Thing.
 I um, I capitalized the 'T' there, but there's no way you could know.
 I can't!
 NOW whenever I see him do it I get REALLY cheezed off about it, much more than, you know, footwear on a fuzzy floor should warrant.  I've let it get so under my skin that I can't trust my reactions anymore!  Can - can YOU ask him not to?
 T-Rex!  What if, INSTEAD of dealing with this, you simply bought new carpets after he left?  Yes!  You can solve your emotional problems just by SPENDING MONEY!
 Wow!  No wonder people like capitalism so much!
 Foreshadowing is when you hint at what's about to happen next in a story! It happens whenever a character announces "BOY I SURE HOPE THERE ARE NO EXPLOSIONS ON THE NEXT PAGE!!&quot; just before he gets blown up!
 In an EXPLOSION!
 Foreshadowing's great, because sometimes people want to know what happens in a story before it actually happens. In situations like this, an author might write "Jenn realized that she was about to blast into space. Or WAS she?? You'd better keep reading, huh?&quot; There, foreshadowing both hinted at the future of the story, AND encouraged the reader to keep reading. This is an extremely canonical use of foreshadowing.
 Absolutely!
 If you simply say "Jenn realized that she was about to blast into space! Seconds later, she blasted into space!&quot; that is not foreshadowing. That is just outstanding space storytelling.
 Yeah? Well maybe we'll see what SHAKESPEARE has to say...!
 Shakespeare, is it still foreshadowing if it's about a woman who's DEFINITELY blasting into space?
 Shakespeare! The correct answer is "no!&quot;
 Pull yourself together, Shakespeare!
 MAYBE I am a little uptight about my carpets. Some dudes are probably raised to shoe-walk on carpets all the time, and I guess it kind of makes sense, since they ARE on the floor.
 I wonder what things would be like if I were less uptight about carpets!
 You know what Dromiceiomimus? ANYONE can walk on my carpets, I seriously don't mind!
 Heck yes! Lets go do that thing right now! I LIVE for this sort of thing!
 WE SURE ARE. Don't forget you dirty-ass shoes!
 Me too! It's all I want out of life!!
T-Rex and Utahraptor: Daaaaamn!
 Oh wow! I think it's SO AWESOME that you'll spy on my dreams but you wont approve my friend request on Facebook Dot Com!!
 DO IT RIGHT NOW
 It's Patrick! He bought life insurance!
 Gotta go, Patrick!
 Dromiceiomimus, happy birthday! You are still entriely excellent.
Dromiceiomimus: Aww, thank you T-Rex! Are you coming out tonight?
 I sure am, and I'll YOU then!
 I wonder If I Talk Like This, If People Will Still Be My Friends?
 Futurism was an art movement where dudes were all "CARS ARE COOL AND THE PAST IS FOR CHUMPS. LET'S DRAW SOME CARS.&quot;
 But they also extended beyond art, to food! Futurists had a MANIFESTO for food. It banned the knife and fork and pasta, AND told people that sardines and pineapples together were tasty times! They banned pasta because it caused skepticism?
 Maybe? But it wasn't very popular.
 Yep!
 They didn't want to have to eat their food under UV lamps which "activated&quot; it, nor did they want to give up pasta.  It's crazy! The movement started in Italy, and I believe people canonically eat pasta there all the time! Like, even for breakfast?
 I got my ideas about Italy from cartoons!
 I don't know, God!
 ...Maybe by making them more awesome?
 This is true! I guess they still have a stigma attached to them, though, you know? The whole "comics are for emotionally stunted shutins&quot; thing, which, WHILE TRUE, is misleading because comics are for everyone, INCLUDING emotionally stunted shutins! People just need to focus on the positive.
 Maybe!
 I was thinking more "You know who reads comics? HORRIBLE MURDERERS.&quot; and then a picture of a horrible murderer, you know, maybe murderin' something, and THEN, in tiny letters, &quot;and also you, hopefully!&quot; and then maybe a line drawing of a soggy dog giving a thumbs up.
 You're just jealous!
 Would I ever want to get married one day?
 I don't know! Maybe!
 I guess I'll burn that bridge when I come to it?
 I do kinda feel like I should ALREADY know the answer to "do you want to get married someday&quot;, you know, Dromiceiomimus?  Its such a big thing -- you're sharing your LIFE with someone!  Until you DIE! -- that saying &quot;if it happened it'd be nice, but no worries!&quot; seems - disingenuous?
 I'm not ruling it out!
 I guess love and the artifacts of affection are so played up in our society that by being noncommittal to its (arguably) greatest expression, marriage, I avoid tacitly endorsing the commercialization of an emotion and the industry surrounding it!
 Or perhaps I don't want to say "I WANT TO GET MARRIED SOMEDAY&quot; because if I never meet someone then I've FAILED at a life plan.  Much better to say &quot;I WANT TO GET INTO A BOAT SOMEDAY&quot; and then just sit in some dude's boat!  IN FACT, I'm going to the docks right now!
 LATER, suckers!
 Man, what a jerky guy! I met the jerkiest guy working at the computer store.
Dromiceiomimus: What made him so jerky, T-Rex? His haircut?
 Worse than that. He was just so smug about everything! I wanted to buy some RAM, so that my computer could think harder about things? But he had this air of - distain, I guess, that went far beyond "aloof store clerk&quot; to &quot;terrible person who made me feel bad about myself for just being alive.&quot; I bought the RAM but now I can barely even enjoy it.
 I know! And I won't shop there again.
 But this is the power of his jerkiness: it transcends our brief meeting so that now I'm telling all my friends about it! Argh! Anyway, I'll get over it.
 Seriously though! He was such a jerk!
 Oh my gosh, it's that jerky guy, eating alone. . . and he's picking his nose!
 Hah hah hah!
 I've NEVER felt better about myself!
 I don't even know what Ayar is! Please don't tell me.
 Aw man, now I know one more nerd thing!! SO MUCH FOR KISSING SUPERMODELS.
 FINE: Tell me about AR.
 OR while hiking, a giant arrow in the sky could mark your destination! That'd be awesome!
 Augmented reality! I guess you'd sport semi-transparent glasses and a wearable computer, but it could detect your location and display all sorts of cool things for you to see! The Devil told me about it?
 Can we play AR games RIGHT NOW, The Devil?
 LET'S TALK ABOUT ANT MAN!
 I GOT ISSUES WITH THIS GUY
 FACTUAL ISSUES.
 I FIGURE THERE ARE THREE WAYS HE CAN SHRINK.
 HE COULD JUST SHRINK ALL HIS ATOMS, WHICH IS RIDICULOUS. ATOMS CAN'T DO THAT.
 HE COULD DECREASE THE SPACE BETWEEN HIS ATOMS, NOT REALLY POSSIBLE EITHER. IT JUST ISN'T.
 THE MOST LIKELY WAY HE DOES IT IS BY REDUCING THE AMOUNT OF ATOMS IN HIS BODY.
 BUT CHECK IT! BECAUSE OF THE EXPONENTIALLY SMALLER AMOUNT OF NEURONS IN HIS BRAIN, HE'S REALLY STUPID. MAYBE TOO STUPID TO LIVE. MAYBE NOT, CAUSE HE'S A SCIENTIST.
 ANOTHER PROBLEM IS HOW HE BOSSES ANTS AROUND!
[[Outside, T-Rex is posed just above the man's house, ready to stomp]]
 ANTS TALK BY RELEASING PHEROMONES INTO THE AIR. I WILL LEAP TO SAY IT'S LIKE IF WE FARTED AT EACH OTHER TO SPEAK!
 FART GREETINGS. FART GOODBYES.
 FART COMPLEX BUSINESS NEGOTIATIONS.
 BUT ANT MAN HAS A HELMET THAT LETS HIM TALK WITH ANTS. I BET IT'S A HELMET JUST FULL O' BAKED BEANS IS WHAT!
[[T-Rex stomps the house flat]]
[[God looks down upon T-Rex through the clouds as the spirit of the newly deceased man rises past]]
 AW DANG, GOD! WHY YOU GOTTA DO A THING?
 Well, summer is just around the corner -
God: T-Rex, stop. Just stop. Nothing you say can ever justify that FAKE TAN.
 Hey man! This tan is 100% totally real! I've been working out... AT THE BEACH.
 WORKING OUT TO IMPRESS THE LADIES.
Dromiceiomimus: T-Rex, you look like Godzilla now.
 Um, thank-you? Godzilla is pretty cool. The ladies must like Godzilla, although I didn't intend for -
 !
Utahraptor: Hey T-Rex, Godzilla called! He wants his butt back.
 ...N-no he didn't. Calling from Japan would cost a freakin' FORTUNE.
Utahraptor: Good point, T-Rex. Shouldn't you be in Japan? Because, you know. Godzilla went to Japan.
 Ok, MAYBE I WILL go to Japan. Screw you guys.
 No worries. I am not Godzilla. It's me, T-Rex!
Japan chicks: Hey T-Rex, sweet tan!
 Thanks, Japan chicks! Lets have a beach party!
 Naw man, not unless this beach party sucks!
 Lately I've been thinking about the role of popular culture references in popular culture!
 I'm getting pretty sick of nostalgic references to things like movies and video games passing for humor and creativity! People bark like trained seals any time they encounter something they're familiar with!
 Heck, there are even subgenres of our culture that exist only to reference other subgenres!
 Maybe! I guess nothing's completely original, but I fear that modern media has become nothing more than a recursive loop with no discernible, objective reality!
 To be honest, all I want is a punchline that doesn't rely on reminding me of what I liked when I was 7!
 Whoops!
 Hey is there any way we can get a larger selection of genital down here? These ones are getting booooring!
 How about go for it, smart guy! You made the Earth too perfect! Sure you can take me out now but in a few million years a new species will develop that'll make you wish i was still around!
 Yup!
 Ok!
 Hey wait! You forgot something!  Come baaaack!!
 They've come to crush our lovely log cabins,
 Superman has given Batman a small supply of kryptonite, so if Superman ever goes CRAZY and starts killing people, Batman can take him down.
 This, my friends, is the true meaning of friendship!
 Superman trusts Batman with his LIFE.
 Can you imagine, Dromiceiomimus?
 It would be like me giving you a gun with bullets that ONLY SHOOT ME, except you're grimmer, and people make gay jokes about you even though come on, Robin is just a ward, and your parents were murdered by a dude named "Joe Chill&quot; of all things, and also you live in a cave.
 Also that, yes.
 Absolutely!
 That's awesome!
 Can you imagine having that kind of relationship with someone?
 That kind of trust, but also the dark underscoring of the fact that you know they'll do what's necessary if they have to?
 Do - do you want ME to maybe shoot you if you start slappin' folks around?
 The thing is, Nora, if knowledge about Batman was profitable, I would be driving around in a pretty fancy rocket car
